The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Market Reporter, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll
have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using
this ebook.



Title: The Market Reporter
       Vol. 4, No. 15

Author: Various

Release Date: December 9, 2018 [EBook #58445]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE MARKET REPORTER ***




Produced by The Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
generously made available by The Internet Archive)







  Transcriber’s Notes

  Text between _underscores_ represents text printed in italics in the
  source document, text between =equal signs= represents bold face text.
  Small capitals have been transcribed as ALL CAPITALS.

  More Transcriber’s Notes may be found at the end of this text.




  THE MARKET REPORTER

  Published Weekly by the
  United States Department of Agriculture
  Bureau of Markets and Crop Estimates

  WASHINGTON, D. C. OCTOBER 8, 1921. VOL. 4, No. 15




GROWERS HOLD CLOVER SEED FOR HIGHER PRICES.


Quality of 1921 Crop About Same as That of last Year--Alsike Clover Seed
Movement Normal.

The movement of red clover seed from growers’ hands has been below
normal, but that of alsike clover has been fully normal, according to
reports received by the Bureau of Markets and Crop Estimates during the
week ending Oct. 1. There is a tendency on the part of the growers of
red clover seed to hold their seed because the crop, which is now being
thrashed in many sections, is not turning out any better than was
expected at harvest time and as reported in The Market Reporter for
Sept. 10.

Although clover prices on Sept. 27 were mostly 50¢ to $1 per 100 lbs.
lower than they were a month ago, they have shown little or no change
during the past week or ten days. The quality of red and alsike clover
is about equal or slightly inferior to that of last year’s stock. Rains
during the last two weeks of September have discolored or bleached much
of the seed in some sections.


MOVEMENT SLOW.

_Red Clover._--In a number of important sections only 5 to 25% of the
red clover seed crop had been sold by growers at the end of September.
This season’s movement, however, has exceeded the belated movement of
the 1920 crop, but has been a little slower than usual. Growers see
evidences of a short crop in their immediate vicinity, and in view of
the fact that prices offered are on an average $2 to $4 per 100 lbs.
lower than last year, and $25 to $28 lower than two years ago at a
corresponding time, they are not inclined to sell freely. In a few
sections, particularly southwestern Ohio and southeastern Iowa, the
movement has been considerably above normal, the growers already having
sold 45% and 35%, respectively, of their crops.

The average prices offered to growers in various sections on Sept. 27
for clean seed, as shown in the accompanying table, ranged from $14.60
per 100 lbs. in southwestern Iowa to $17.25 in southwestern Ohio,
compared with a range of $17.25 to $22 at a corresponding time last
year.

The imports of red clover seed during July, August, and September
totaled 1,792,900 lbs. compared with 305,200 lbs. during the same months
a year ago. These heavy imports of old seed from Europe and South
America have tended to depress prices for domestic seed. French, German,
and Italian correspondents state that large quantities of red clover
seed were sold during July and August and consequently stocks of old
seed have been reduced greatly. The 1921 crop in these and other
European countries was reported to be much below normal because of the
drought during the summer, and it will be needed for sowing the acreage
there next spring.

The quality of the seed in this country varies considerably in different
sections, being better than last year in southern Wisconsin, Ohio,
Minnesota, South Dakota, and Idaho and somewhat poorer in central
Illinois, and Indiana, Michigan, and parts of other States.

_Alsike Clover._--In practically all of the important producing sections
a larger percentage of the crop had left growers’ hands by Oct. 1 than
on the same date last year. It is estimated that about two-fifths of the
marketable surplus had been sold by growers by that date. On Sept. 27
growers were being offered $13.05 to $16 per 100 lbs. for clean seed
compared with prices a year ago of $18.40 to $24.50 and two years ago of
$36.20 to $40.

Most of the reports indicated that the quality of the 1921 crop was
approximately the same as that of last year; the reports indicating a
difference in quality between the 1921 and 1920 crops were about equally
divided, some stating that the quality was better and others stating
that it was inferior.

The imports of alsike clover seed from July 1 to Sept. 30 were 1,106,700
lbs., compared with 109,700 lbs. for the same period last year. The crop
in Ontario, Canada, which contributes the large bulk of the alsike
clover seed that is annually imported into this country is less than
normal and is estimated to be 60% of the 1920 crop. The decreased
production of this seed in the United States and Canada has caused
prices to remain rather firm since harvest.

=Red Clover Seed Prices and Movement.=

  ------------+----------------------+--------------------------
              |Prices offered growers|    Percentage of 1921,
  State or    |     per 100 lbs.,    |      1920, and 1919
   section.   |  basis clean seed.   |      crops sold by
              |                      |      growers by--
              +-------+------+-------+--------+--------+--------
              | Sept. | Oct. | Sept. |  Sept. |   Oct. |  Sept.
              |  27,  |  5,  |  30,  |   27,  |    5,  |   30,
              | 1921. |1920. | 1919. |  1921. |  1920. |  1919.
  ------------+-------+------+-------+--------+--------+--------
              |       |      |       |_P. ct._|_P. ct._|_P. ct._
  Michigan    | $16.10|$20.50|$43.40 |    5   |    5   |    2
  N. Illinois |  15.40| 21.00|  ...  |    5   |   10   |   12
  C. Illinois |  15.75| 19.50| 42.90 |   25   |   15   |   65
  N. Indiana  |  16.70| 19.65| 41.75 |   25   |   15   |   50
  C. Indiana  |  16.40| 19.40|  ...  |   30   |   10   |   15
  S. Indiana  |  15.80| 17.25|  ...  |   20   |   10   |   10
  NW. Ohio    |  15.75| 20.00| 44.50 |   45   |    8   |   20
  SW. Ohio    |  17.25| 21.75|  ...  |    5   |    9   |  ...
  Minnesota   |  15.65| 20.10| 43.75 |   10   |    3   |   15
  W. Wisconsin|  16.05| 19.80|  ...  |    5   |    5   |   10
  E. Wisconsin|  17.20| 20.50|  ...  |    5   |    5   |    5
  S. Wisconsin|  16.90| 20.90| 44.20 |   15   |    6   |   35
  Idaho       |  15.00| 22.00| 43.70 |   10   |    6   |   20
  Nebraska    |  15.00| 20.00| 43.15 |    5   |    4   |   20
  Kansas      |  14.75| 17.75|  ...  |   15   |    2   |   35
  NE. Iowa    |  15.50| 20.00|  ...  |   20   |   17   |    5
  SW. Iowa    |  14.60| 19.50|  ...  |   10   |    5   |   30
  SE. Iowa    |  15.10| 21.00| 41.00 |   35   |    5   |   35
  Missouri    |  15.90| 18.75|  ...  |   15   |    6   |   50
  ------------+-------+------+-------+--------+--------+--------
            =Alsike Clover Seed Prices and Movement.=
  ------------+-------+------+-------+--------+--------+--------
              |       |      |       |_P. ct._|_P. ct._|_P. ct._
  Michigan    | $15.15|$20.40|$38.00 |   15   |    6   |   55
  N. Illinois |  13.90| 20.90|  ...  |   40   |   11   |   85
  C. Illinois |  13.85| 18.40| 40.00 |   20   |   20   |   65
  N. Indiana  |  13.95| 19.80|  ...  |   60   |   36   |   50
  C. Indiana  |  14.25| 20.25| 40.00 |   50   |   14   |   10
  NW. Ohio    |  13.05| 21.70| 38.70 |   60   |   16   |   85
  SW. Ohio    |  14.45| 22.90|  ...  |   15   |    7   |  ...
  New York    |  16.00| 23.25|  ...  |   35   |    5   |   45
  W. Wisconsin|  14.00| 20.30|  ...  |    5   |    8   |   45
  E. Wisconsin|  14.50| 21.70|  ...  |   15   |   10   |  ...
  S. Wisconsin|  14.60| 24.50| 36.20 |   40   |   20   |   35
  Idaho       |  16.00| 23.00| 39.50 |   70   |   10   |   60
  Oregon      |  14.25| 22.75|  ...  |   60   |   10   |   35
  ------------+-------+------+-------+--------+--------+--------




  _A GLANCE AT THE MARKETS._


  _Heavy receipts featured the week’s live-stock trading. The trend of
  cattle prices was decidedly irregular. The hog market had a fairly
  healthy tone. Sheep and lamb trade showed some improvement. The fresh
  meat trade throughout the month of September was narrow (pp. 226 and
  228)._

  _Prices of wheat and corn futures declined steadily throughout the
  week, but cash premiums strengthened in all markets excepting
  Minneapolis (p. 234)._

  _The movement of fruits and vegetables was near the peak of the
  season, and prices declined (p. 230)._

  _Definite information concerning volume of Danish imports steadied the
  butter market. Cheese markets were steady under improved demand (p.
  233)._

  _Hay continued in light supply and prices in most markets were
  unchanged. General inactivity continued in feed markets, wheat mill
  feeds registering extreme Weakness (p. 236)._

  _Prices of spot and future cotton continued to advance. Production
  estimated at only 6,537,000 bales (p. 238)._

  _The monthly Wool consumption report appears on page 239._

  _The monthly table showing carload shipments of fruits and vegetables
  appears on page 232._




AUGUST EXPORTS OF EVAPORATED MILK SHOW INCREASE.


Shipments of Evaporated Milk During August Exceed Those of
Condensed--Export Prices Lower.

The movement of unsweetened evaporated milk in cases during August was
considerably larger than that of sweetened condensed milk, and the tone
of the market for the former class of goods was proportionately better,
as shown by a review of the latest available reports from milk
manufacturers. The demand for bulk goods has decreased materially with
the approach of cooler weather, especially the demand from the ice-cream
trade.

Manufacturers’ reports of total stocks on hand Sept. 1 indicate
approximately the same surplus of condensed case goods as on Aug. 1, but
show a decrease of over 35% in the quantities of evaporated case goods.
A similar condition prevailed with regard to unsold stocks, supplies of
condensed case goods being practically the same as on Aug. 1, while
stocks of unsold evaporated case goods decreased almost 50%. Stocks of
case goods of both condensed and unsweetened evaporated milk on Sept. 1
were less than one-half the quantity reported on hand Sept. 1, 1920.

The export movement during August apparently served to give considerable
relief to the general situation. Exports totaling 22,803,000 lbs. of
evaporated milk more than doubled the July exports. Exports of condensed
milk were but 7,557,000 lbs., although this was 2,000,000 lbs., heavier
than in July. The United Kingdom received the heaviest shipments,
12,716,000 lbs. of evaporated and 3,232,000 lbs. of condensed going to
that country. France and Germany each received approximately 3,000,000
lbs. of evaporated milk.

Exports of condensed milk during the first eight months of 1921 were but
62,000,000 lbs., compared with more than 221,000,000 lbs. during the
same period in 1920, while exports of 116,000,000 lbs. of evaporated
milk this year are 5,000,000 lbs. heavier than the shipments in 1920.

Manufacturers’ selling prices to the domestic trade during August
remained practically the same as during July, but reductions occurred in
prices to foreign trade. The largest cuts averaging 34¢ per case were
made in export prices of sweetened condensed milk. Unsweetened
evaporated milk prices to foreign trade were not so generally reduced,
as some manufacturers seem to have advanced export prices slightly, with
the result that the average export price was but 4¢ less per case than
during the previous month.

=Wholesale Prices of Condensed and Evaporated Milk.=

(To domestic trade.)

  ---------------------+---------------+---------------
                       |   Sweetened   |  Unsweetened
                       |   condensed   |   evaporated
   Geographic section. | case of 14-oz.| case of 16-oz.
                       |     cans.     |      cans.
                       +---------------+---------------
                       |  Aug. | July. |  Aug. |  July.
  ---------------------+-------+-------+-------+-------
  New England          | $6.07 | $6.16 | $4.82 | $4.83
  Middle Atlantic      |  5.95 |  5.89 |  4.88 |  4.79
  South Atlantic       |  6.47 |  6.47 |  5.02 |  4.97
  East North Central   |  6.41 |  6.48 |  4.52 |  4.64
  West North Central   |  6.38 |  6.44 |  4.76 |  4.75
  South Central        |  6.49 |  6.53 |  4.91 |  5.05
  Western (North)      |  6.38 |  6.33 |  4.72 |  4.61
  Western (South)      |  6.53 |  6.37 |  4.78 |  4.67
                       +-------+-------+-------+-------
        United States  |  6.28 |  6.26 |  4.83 |  4.78
  ---------------------+-------+-------+-------+-------

=Prices to Producers at Condenseries for 3.5% Milk.=

(Per 100 lbs.)

  --------------------+----------------+----------------
                      |By manufacturers|By manufacturers
                      |    of case     |    of bulk
   Geographic section.|    and bulk    |  goods only.
                      |    goods.      |
                      |----------------+----------------
                      | Sept. |  Aug.  | Sept. |  Aug.
  --------------------+-------+--------+-------+--------
  New England         | $1.91 | $1.91  | $3.30 | $3.30
  Middle Atlantic     |  2.23 |  2.06  |  2.17 |  2.14
  South Atlantic      |  2.15 |  1.88  |  1.66 |  1.87
  East North Central  |  1.84 |  1.85  |  1.88 |  1.87
  West North Central  |  1.80 |  1.80  |  1.77 |  1.40
  Western (North)     |  1.77 |  1.53  |  2.23 |  2.30
  Western (South)     |  1.73 |  1.61  |   ... |   ...
                      |-------+--------+-------+--------
        United States |  1.87 |  1.87  |  2.04 |  2.06
  ------------------------------------------------------

=Stocks and Exports of Condensed and Evaporated Milk.=

[In thousands of pounds; i. e., 000 omitted.]

  ---------------------+--------------+-------------+---------------
                       |Sept. 1, 1921.|Aug. 1, 1921.| Sept. 1, 1920.
                       +-------+------+------+------+-------+-------
            Stocks.    |  Case | Bulk | Case | Bulk |  Case |  Bulk
                       | goods.|goods.|goods.|goods.| goods.| goods.
  ---------------------+-------+------+------+------+-------+-------
  CONDENSED.           |       |      |      |      |       |
  Total stocks         | 31,773|26,654|30,541|28,529| 71,341|32,766
  Total unsold stocks  | 21,574|19,074|21,588|24,476| 58,577| 8,733
  Total unfilled orders|    339|   ...|   425|    14|    300|   ...
  EVAPORATED.          |       |      |      |      |       |
  Total stocks         | 90,503|   770|45,867|   739|170,198|   851
  Total unsold stocks  | 36,149|   763|68,658|   719|103,812|   738
  Total unfilled orders|  6,039|   ...|10,025|   ...|  3,482|   ...
  ---------------------+-------+------+------+------+-------+-------

  ---------------+-----------+-----------+-----------
     Exports.    |Aug., 1921.|July, 1921.|Aug., 1920.
  ---------------+-----------+-----------+-----------
  Condensed milk |    7,557  |    5,727  |  20,503
  Evaporated milk|   22,803  |   11,611  |   5,100
                 +-----------+-----------+-----------
      Total      |   30,360  |   17,338  |  25,603
  ---------------+-----------+-----------+-----------




_Live Stock and Meats_


HEAVY RECEIPTS FEATURE WEEK’S LIVE STOCK BUSINESS.


Trend of Cattle Prices Decidedly Irregular--Hog Market Has Fairly
Healthy Tone.

(Chicago, East St. Louis, Kansas City, Omaha, and St. Paul.)

Receipts of live stock during the closing week of September were of
generous volume despite the fact that conditions in some departments of
the trade during the preceding week bordered on demoralization. An
increased proportion of trashy, light-weight cattle indicated that
producers were anxious to liquidate surplus holdings before stormy
weather sets in, while a corresponding decrease in receipts of corn-feds
suggested a decreased number of well-conditioned beef cattle in feeders’
hands.

Chicago’s cattle receipts for the week were the largest since January,
while the combined ten-market supply of about 242,300 cattle was
practically the same as the week previous but 41,000 short of the
corresponding week a year ago.

Following the descent of hog prices during the preceding week to the
lowest levels of the year, the marketward movement of hogs expanded
materially, the ten-market total at approximately 436,000 being 40,000
in excess of the week previous, and nearly 60,000 greater than the same
week last year. The hog run, while continuing to carry an abnormally
large proportion of heavy packing sows for this period of the year,
showed a considerably enlarged quota Of spring-farrowed, light and
underweight stock and average weights decreased at most points. The
disposition shown by producers in many sections to unload pigs and
immature light hogs was anything but a bullish influence on prices but a
revival of eastern shipping demand assisted in checking the decline.


SHEEP AND LAMB RECEIPTS LARGE.

Receipts of sheep and lambs for the week both at Chicago and numerous
other western points were the largest of the year, the ten-market total
of about 419,500 exceeding the previous week’s supply by approximately
38,000 and being nearly 1,000 in excess of those of the same week last
year. The crop, however, carried a heavy proportion of feeders from the
western range and the market displayed gratifying stability following
the slump in prices during the week previous, which was one of the most
severe slumps of the season.

_Cattle._--Higher prices for most grades of beef steers showing
effective corn feeding, further seasonal expansion in the movement of
both native and western grass cattle, and further evidences of
increasing interest on the part of stocker and feeder buyers featured
the cattle trade during the week under review. The trend of prices at
the different market centers was decidedly irregular. Omaha, where
receipts were considerably lighter than the preceding week, showed
advances on practically all classes of cattle. Other River markets under
review showed irregular declines on grass cattle and comparatively
little change on desirable corn-feds. At Chicago, where receipts of
northwestern range cattle were nearly double the largest previous run
this season, grass steers and the less desirable of the warmed-up and
plain, heavy, fed steers sold steady to 25¢ lower, and the better
grades of corn-fed steers, including yearlings, all the way from 10¢ to
50¢ higher.

The return of $11 cattle after an absence dating back to last January,
marked the week’s trading at Chicago. Two lots of prime Angus and
Hereford yearlings averaging 985 lbs. and 891 lbs., respectively,
brought that price. The former consignment was made up of natives from
an Iowa feed lot, nearly half of which were heifers. The other lot
consisted of Illinois-fed, branded steers which originally came from
Texas.

The popularity at all market centers of well-finished yearlings on the
baby beef order and of finished 1,100-lb. to 1,300-lb. steers over the
weighty and more aged bullocks was as pronounced as ever, and the price
premiums earned by the former were unprecedented for this season of the
year. Thick-fat 1,400-lb. to 1,500-lb. steers of high quality and
closely approaching prime grade could not pass $9.25 at Chicago and
contrasted oddly with the moderately fat, short-fed yearlings that
brought about the same figure. Ripe steers in the 1,600-lb. to 1,760-lb.
class that had been grain-fed a year or more, sold at Chicago and Omaha
at $8.25 to $8.50 with a plainer, weighty kind that had consumed
considerable corn, down to $7.50. Many sales of good and choice
1,200-lb. to 1,350-lb. steers between $8 and $8.75 were made at Chicago
and elsewhere. A few loads of long yearlings averaging 1,100 lbs. to
1,175 lbs. sold as high as $10 and $10.50.

A generous proportion of the run, however, all around the western market
circuit consisted of branded and native grass steers of mediocre and
medium killing quality that cashed at $5 to $6.50, comparatively few
straight grass steers being good enough to bring $7. This was true
despite the fact that two loads of Montanas reached $7.25 at Chicago.
Light grass steers of common quality but carrying enough flesh to make
cheap carcass beef, sold as low as $4.25 and $4.50 at St. Paul and
Missouri River points and a few, chiefly on the Mexican order, ranged
downward from $5 at Chicago.

An increase of nearly 50% in receipts of northwestern grass cattle at
Chicago was credited in part to the 20% cut in long-haul freight rates.
The week’s total of about 13,000 cattle from that source, however, was
but little more than half as large as similar receipts during the
corresponding week last year. It seems probable, however, that the
Northwest will ship more freely during October, as after this month
stormy weather is likely to put an end to cattle roundups.

Liberal receipts of low and medium grade steers and their cheapness “on
the hooks” as compared with most grades of she stock had a depressing
effect on cow and heifer prices at all markets covered by this report
except Omaha. At the latter market light receipts forced cow prices up
along with those of most other classes of cattle. Canners and choice
dry-fed heifer yearlings withstood the downward tendency and held about
steady.


SHE-STOCK PRICES BREAK.

The break in she-stock prices ranged anywhere from 25¢. to $1. Declines
were most severe at Chicago, where medium to good grades of fat cows and
the same classes of grass heifers frequently showed a break of 75¢. to
$1 compared with the previous week-end. A spread of $3.75 to $5.75 took
the big end of the week’s supply of grass cows and heifers, while
canners and cutters ranged largely from $2.25 to $3.25. The best of the
light, corn-fed heifer yearlings sold well in line with finished steer
yearlings, but they had to be of the baby-beef type. Owing to scarcity
of corn-fed cows and a slackened demand for kosher cows due to the
approaching Jewish holidays, few heavy cows were good enough to bring $6
at any of the large western markets.

Bulls sold steady to lower at most points, while calves were sharply
lower at both Chicago and St. Paul, little changed at Kansas City and
St. Louis, and higher at Omaha because of meager receipts.

The demand for stock and feeding cattle, which has been gaining breadth
during recent weeks, was comparatively liberal during the closing week
of September and the total movement to the country was the largest of
the year to date. Except Omaha, where stocker and feeder cattle shared
in the general price upturn, prices of such cattle at points under
review were at the lowest levels of the year to date. Well-bred
yearlings and light feeders were in strongest demand.

With the exception of a few steers on the fat cattle order, few cattle
went to the country costing over $6.75. The bulk of the feeder steers
sold within a range of $5.25 to $6.25 and stockers largely between $5
and $6. Some of the best stock steers, however, sold right up with the
choice heavy feeders and many plain and common light stockers sold
downward from $4.50. Kansas City reported a fully steady market for
stock cows and heifers with a good many cows going out at $3.50 to $4,
and many stock heifers at $4 to $5 with a few as high as $5.50.

=RECEIPTS, SHIPMENTS, AND LOCAL SLAUGHTER FOR THE WEEK ENDING OCT. 1.=

  ---------------+-----------------------+-----------------------+
     Markets.    |  Cattle and calves.   |         Hogs.         |
                 +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
                 |  Re-  | Ship- | Local |  Re-  | Ship- | Local |
                 |ceipts.| ments.|slaugh-|ceipts.| ments.|slaugh-|
                 |       |       |  ter. |       |       |  ter. |
  ---------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
  Chicago        | 79,076| 25,332| 53,744|126,432| 27,148| 99,284|
  Denver[1]      |  9,482|  7,767|  2,272|  2,793|   ... |  2,675|
  East St. Louis | 30,067| 14,640| 10,101| 48,094| 17,536| 22,904|
  Indianapolis[1]|  9,533|  4,398|  4,919| 60,437| 32,349| 27,399|
  Kansas City    | 78,446| 43,851| 31,002| 28,914|  8,109| 20,926|
  Oklahoma City  |  7,767|  2,509|  4,557|  4,574|    272|  4,142|
  Omaha          | 35,557| 23,657| 11,900| 30,607|  5,687| 24,920|
  St. Joseph[1]  | 13,639|  5,006|  9,101| 21,122|  2,953| 17,541|
  St. Paul[1]    | 24,301| 13,023| 12,163| 31,339|  4,445| 27,035|
  Sioux City     | 15,032| 11,659|  4,296| 28,068|  9,874| 16,285|
  Wichita[1]     |  7,554|  5,422|  2,415|  4,236|    127|  4,270|
  ---------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
  Total          |310,456|157,264|146,470|356,616|108,560|267,381|
  Previous week  |324,438|153,997|154,269|373,574|100,615|258,235|
  ---------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

  ---------------+-----------------------
     Markets.    |         Sheep.
                 +-------+-------+-------
                 |  Re-  | Ship- | Local
                 |ceipts.| ments.|slaugh-
                 |       |       |  ter.
  ---------------+-------+-------+-------
  Chicago        |148,779| 57,903| 90,876
  Denver[1]      | 44,713| 34,469|  4,086
  East St. Louis |  7,434|  1,081|  4,062
  Indianapolis[1]|  2,823|  1,547|  1,323
  Kansas City    | 47,121| 12,179| 24,234
  Oklahoma City  |    165|   ... |    165
  Omaha          |126,966| 73,496| 53,470
  St. Joseph[1]  | 28,565|  8,123| 17,545
  St. Paul[1]    | 19,209|  6,823| 12,381
  Sioux City     |  8,242|  4,293|  4,564
  Wichita[1]     |    399|    251|    169
  ---------------+-------+-------+-------
  Total          |434,416|260,165|222,875
  Previous week  |403,963|169,947|213,446
  ---------------+-------+-------+-------

  [1] Week ending Friday, Sept. 30.

=DAILY AVERAGE WEIGHT AND COST OF HOGS FOR WEEK ENDING OCT. 1.=

[Price per 100 lbs.]

  ------------+---------+---------+---------+---------+---------+
              |   Mon.  |  Tues.  |   Wed.  | Thurs.  |  Fri.   |
              |         |         |         |         |         |
  ------------+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+
              |Wt.|Cost.|Wt.|Cost.|Wt.|Cost.|Wt.|Cost.|Wt.|Cost.|
  ------------+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+
  Chicago     |272|$7.10|255|$7.29|262|$7.31|246|$7.30|246|$7.43|
  E. St. Louis|195| 8.22|188| 8.16|188| 8.16|204| 8.00|209| 7.94|
  Kansas City |209| 7.53|209| 7.52|209| 7.54|225| 7.35|221| 7.23|
  Omaha       |304| 6.41|292| 6.61|289| 6.84|300| 6.44|290| 6.96|
  S. St. Paul |243| 6.58|235| 6.83|245| 6.95|236| 6.95|246| 7.20|
  ------------+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+

  ------------+---------+---------+---------+----------
              |  Sat.   | This wk.| Last wk.|  1 yr.
              |         |         |         |   ago.
  ------------+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+------
              |Wt.|Cost.|Wt.|Cost.|Wt.|Cost.|Wt.| Cost.
  ------------+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+------
  Chicago     |280|$7.06|259|$7.25|263|$7.42|247|$15.74
  E. St. Louis|201| 8.10|198| 8.10|192| 8.17|196| 16.35
  Kansas City |270| 7.33|213| 7.46|213| 7.77|220| 15.79
  Omaha       |292| 6.41|294| 6.55|299| 6.86|273| 15.72
  S. St. Paul |211| 7.02|240| 6.86|236| 7.16|...|  ...
  ------------+---+-----+---+-----+---+-----+---+------

  The above prices are computed on packer and shipper purchases.

_Hogs._--The hog market had a fairly healthy tone and the erratic
fluctuations which marked the trade for several weeks previous were, for
the most part, missing. While during the preceding week, average cost of
hogs at the markets under review showed a decrease, Chicago prices
dropping to the lowest levels since early in 1916, closing prices of the
week under review were generally 10¢ to 15¢ higher than the previous
week-end. A broader eastern demand was partly responsible for the
advance.

While the proportion of new crop hogs showed a seasonal increase at
practically all points, the continued heavy receipts of packing sows
caused considerable comment. Traders at Chicago do not recall any recent
period when receipts at this time of the year carried so large a
percentage of packing sows as do current offerings. Packing sows were of
almost uniformly good quality, many of them being almost as smooth as
barrows. Several of the smaller packers at Chicago turned from heavy
barrows to good and choice sows.

Many of the new-crop hogs showed very little finish and buyers
complained that many were “dopey” apparently suffering from the effects
of initial rations of new corn. On almost every day butcher hogs
averaging 200 lbs. to 240 lbs. sold at top prices at Chicago, while the
160-lb. to 170-lb. kinds closed considerably under top quotations.

The closing top at Chicago was $8.30 with the average cost that day
$7.06. The average cost of packing and shipping droves for the week at
that point was $7.25, with the average weight at 259 lbs., the lightest
since the week ending Aug. 6. The closing top at East St. Louis was
$8.35, at Kansas City $7.65, at Omaha $7.75, and at St. Paul $7.60.


SHEEP AND LAMB TRADE IMPROVED.

_Sheep._--Considering supplies, which at leading western markets were
the heaviest of the year, sheep and lamb trade during the final week of
September showed some improvement. Receipts at Chicago were larger than
during any previous week since 1919 and range lambs, carrying the
largest proportion of feeders of the season, were greatly in the
majority.

In the fat classes, supply and demand were evenly balanced and as the
feeder outlet developed considerable breadth, closing prices on all
classes were practically steady with the close of the week previous.

Sheep were generally steady at all points except Kansas City, where
prices worked 25¢ to 50¢ higher on fat classes. Fat lambs closed lower
for the week at Omaha and higher at East St. Louis but were little
changed elsewhere. Feeder classes sold steady to somewhat higher at all
points. The range movement started early this summer and the early
season output of feeders was small.

_Opening, Oct. 3._--Beef steers were strong to 25¢ higher at Chicago
with desirable corn-feds gaining most. River markets were generally
steady to strong on corn-feds and slow to lower on grassers. The week
opened with a big run of 35,000 cattle at Kansas City. Chicago’s
receipts at 20,000 cattle were well below expectations and the supply of
good corn-fed cattle showed a marked decrease. Top yearlings reached
$11.15 at Chicago, the highest point reached since early in January and
within 10¢ of the top for the year on yearlings.

With receipts moderate, hog prices were generally strong to 15¢ higher.
East St. Louis reported a 15¢ to 25¢ advance with top hogs at $8.55. At
Chicago the top was $8.45 and at Omaha $8, at Kansas City $7.90 and at
St. Paul $7.50.

Fat sheep and lambs opened generally steady to 25¢ higher. Western fat
lambs topped at $9 at Chicago, $8.50 at Omaha, and $8.40 at Kansas City.
Fat natives reached $8.50 at Chicago. The fat ewe top was $4.75 at
Chicago, $4.50 at East St. Louis, and $4.25 at Omaha. Best feeder lambs
brought $7.25 at Chicago on a firm market and $7 at Omaha.

=LIVE STOCK PRICES, TUESDAY, OCT. 4.=

[Per 100 lbs.]

  ---------------+-----------+----------+----------+----------+---------
                 |  Chicago. | East St. |  Kansas  |  Omaha.  |St. Paul.
                 |           |  Louis.  |   City.  |          |
  ---------------+-----------+----------+----------+----------+---------
       HOGS.     |           |          |          |          |
  Top            |      $8.55|     $8.65|     $8.10|     $8.10|    $7.75
  Bulk of sales  | 6.65- 8.40|8.25- 8.65|7.25- 8.00|6.25- 7.50|6.50-7.75
  Heavy (250 lbs.|           |          |          |          |
  up), medium-   |           |          |          |          |
  choice         | 7.60- 8.40|7.50- 8.55|7.15- 8.00|6.75- 7.50|6.75-7.50
  Medium (200-250|           |          |          |          |
  lbs.), common- |           |          |          |          |
  choice         | 8.20- 8.50|8.40- 8.65|7.35- 8.10|7.00- 8.00|6.85-7.75
  Light (150-200 |           |          |          |          |
  lbs.), common- |           |          |          |          |
  choice         | 7.85- 8.50|8.25- 8.65|7.00- 8.10|7.35- 8.10|7.35-7.75
  Light lights   |           |          |          |          |
  (130-150 lbs.),|           |          |          |          |
  common-choice  | 7.65- 8.20|8.15- 8.50|6.75- 7.85|   ...    |   ...
  Packing sows   |           |          |          |          |
  (250 lbs. up), |           |          |          |          |
  smooth         | 6.65- 7.25|6.25- 6.75|6.25- 7.00|6.15- 6.65|6.25-6.85
  Packing sows   |           |          |          |          |
  (250 lbs. up), |           |          |          |          |
  rough          | 6.25- 6.65|5.75- 6.25|5.50- 6.25|5.75- 6.15|6.00-6.40
  Pigs (150 lbs. |           |          |          |          |
  down), common- |           |          |          |          |
  choice         | 7.10- 7.75|7.65- 8.30|    ...   |   ...    |   ...
  Stock pigs (130|           |          |          |          |
  lbs. down)     |    ...    |6.75- 8.25|6.50- 8.35|7.00- 8.00|7.50-8.25
     CATTLE.     |           |          |          |          |
  Beef steers:   |           |          |          |          |
    Medium and   |           |          |          |          |
    heavy (1,100 |           |          |          |          |
    lbs. up)--   |           |          |          |          |
      Choice and |           |          |          |          |
      prime      | 8.85-10.90|8.75-10.00|8.50-10.00|8.50- 9.75|   ...
      Good       | 8.25- 9.65|8.25- 9.25|7.00- 9.00|7.75- 8.50|7.75-8.75
      Medium     | 6.00- 8.75|5.25- 8.25|5.25- 7.25|5.50- 7.75|6.00-7.75
      Common     | 5.00- 6.00|4.50- 5.25|4.35- 5.25|4.25- 5.50|4.25-5.75
    Light weight |           |          |          |          |
    (1,100 lbs.  |           |          |          |          |
    down)--      |           |          |          |          |
      Choice and |           |          |          |          |
      prime      |10.25-11.25|9.75-11.00|9.50-10.35|9.75-10.75|   ...
      Good       | 9.00-10.25|8.50- 9.75|7.10- 9.50|7.50- 9.75|8.50-9.50
      Medium     | 6.00- 9.00|4.75- 8.50|5.00- 7.40|5.25- 7.50|6.00-8.50
      Common     | 4.75- 6.00|4.00- 4.75|4.00- 5.00|4.00- 5.25|4.00-6.00
  Butcher cattle:|           |          |          |          |
    Heifers,     |           |          |          |          |
    common-choice| 4.25- 9.25|4.25-10.50|3.75- 8.00|4.00- 8.75|3.50-8.75
    Cows, common-|           |          |          |          |
    choice       | 3.50- 6.75|3.25- 6.00|3.35- 5.50|3.75- 6.50|3.00-6.50
    Bulls,       |           |          |          |          |
    bologna, and |           |          |          |          |
    beef         | 3.65- 6.35|3.25- 6.25|3.00- 5.25|3.00- 6.25|2.75-5.50
  Canners and    |           |          |          |          |
  cutters:       |           |          |          |          |
    Cows and     |           |          |          |          |
    heifers      | 2.50- 3.50|2.25- 3.50|2.00- 3.35|2.25- 3.75|1.75-3.00
    Canner steers| 3.00- 3.50|2.50- 3.00|2.50- 3.25|2.50- 3.75|2.25-3.00
  Veal calves:   |           |          |          |          |
    Light and    |           |          |          |          |
    medium       |           |          |          |          |
    weight,      |           |          |          |          |
    medium-choice| 5.50-11.50|6.00-11.50|7.00-10.00|7.00-10.00|5.00-9.50
    Heavy weight,|           |          |          |          |
    common-choice| 3.50- 7.00|3.00- 7.00|3.00- 6.50|3.50- 7.25|3.00-6.00
  Feeder steers: |           |          |          |          |
    1,000 lbs.   |           |          |          |          |
    up, common-  |           |          |          |          |
    choice       | 5.00- 6.75|5.00- 6.50|4.60- 7.00|5.00- 7.25|3.75-6.25
    750-1,000    |           |          |          |          |
    lbs., common-|           |          |          |          |
    choice       | 4.85- 6.50|4.50- 6.50|4.50- 6.90|4.75- 7.00|3.50-6.00
  Stocker cattle:|           |          |          |          |
    Steers,      |           |          |          |          |
    common-choice| 3.75- 6.50|3.50- 6.50|3.40- 6.65|3.75- 7.00|3.25-6.00
    Cows and     |           |          |          |          |
    heifers,     |           |          |          |          |
    common-choice| 3.25- 4.75|2.50- 5.50|2.50- 5.50|2.75- 5.50|2.50-4.00
  Calves:        |           |          |          |          |
    Good and     |           |          |          |          |
    choice       |    ...    |5.25- 6.25|5.50- 6.50|5.75- 7.25|   ...
    Common and   |           |          |          |          |
    medium       |    ...    |4.00- 5.00|3.25- 5.25|3.75- 5.75|   ...
      SHEEP.     |           |          |          |          |
  Lambs:         |           |          |          |          |
    84 lbs. down,|           |          |          |          |
    medium-choice| 7.25- 9.25|6.75- 8.75|7.25- 8.75|7.25- 8.75|6.25-8.00
    Culls and    |           |          |          |          |
    common       | 4.75- 7.25|4.00- 6.50|4.00- 7.00|4.75- 7.00|3.00-6.00
    Feeding lambs| 6.00- 7.25|   ...    |5.25- 7.00|6.00- 7.25|4.50-6.50
  Yearlings,     |           |          |          |          |
  wethers,       |           |          |          |          |
  medium-prime   | 5.00- 7.00|4.50- 6.00|4.50- 6.25|5.00- 6.25|4.50-6.25
  Wethers,       |           |          |          |          |
  medium-prime   | 4.00- 5.50|3.50- 5.00|4.00- 5.25|4.00- 5.00|3.25-4.75
  Ewes:          |           |          |          |          |
    Medium-good  |           |          |          |          |
    and choice   | 3.00- 5.00|3.00- 4.00|3.25- 4.60|3.25- 4.50|2.75-4.00
    Culls and    |           |          |          |          |
    common       | 1.50- 2.75|1.00- 2.75|1.00- 3.00|1.50- 3.00|1.00-2.75
    Breeding ewes|           |          |          |          |
    (full mouths |           |          |          |          |
    to yearlings)| 3.25- 6.25|   ...    |3.50- 5.75|3.50- 5.25|   ...
    Feeding ewes |     ...   |   ...    |   ...    |2.75- 3.50|   ...
  ---------------+-----------+----------+----------+----------+---------

=WHOLESALE PRICES OF WESTERN DRESSED MEATS, TUESDAY, OCT. 4.=

[Per 100 lbs.]

  ----------------------+--------------------------------------+
                        |               Chicago.               |
                        +------------+------------+------------+
                        |  Oct. 4.   |  Sept. 27. |  Sept. 6.  |
  ----------------------+------------+------------+------------+
  Fresh beef:           |            |            |            |
      Choice            |$16.50-17.50|$16.50-17.00|$17.00-17.50|
      Good              | 15.50-16.50| 15.50-16.50| 15.50-16.50|
      Medium            | 12.00-14.00| 12.00-14.00| 11.50-14.00|
      Common            |  8.50-10.00|  8.50-10.00|  8.50-10.50|
    Cows--              |            |            |            |
      Good              | 11.50-12.00| 11.50-12.00| 11.00-11.50|
      Medium            | 10.00-11.00| 10.00-11.00|  9.50-10.50|
      Common            |  8.00- 9.00|  7.50- 9.00|  8.00- 9.00|
    Bulls--             |            |            |            |
      Common            |  7.75- 8.25|  7.75- 8.25|  7.50- 8.00|
    Steers--            |            |            |            |
  Fresh lamb and mutton:|            |            |            |
    Lamb--              |            |            |            |
      Choice            | 17.00-18.00| 18.00-19.00| 19.00-20.00|
      Good              | 15.00-16.00| 16.00-17.00| 17.00-18.00|
      Medium            | 13.00-14.00| 14.00-15.00| 15.00-16.00|
      Common            | 10.00-12.00| 10.00-12.00| 12.00-14.00|
    Mutton--            |            |            |            |
      Good              |  9.00-10.00|  9.00-10.00| 10.50-11.00|
      Medium            |  7.00- 8.00|  7.00- 8.00|  9.00-10.00|
      Common            |  6.00- 7.00|  6.00- 7.00|  6.00- 8.00|
  Fresh veal:           |            |            |            |
    Good                | 16.00-18.00| 17.00-19.00| 19.00-20.00|
    Medium              | 13.00-15.00| 12.00-14.00| 16.00-18.00|
    Common              |  9.00-12.00|  8.00-11.00| 12.00-15.00|
  Fresh pork cuts:      |            |            |            |
    Choice              | 19.00-20.00| 19.00-21.00| 20.00-22.00|
    Loins--             |            |            |            |
      8-10 lbs. average | 24.00-26.00| 25.00-27.00| 29.00-30.00|
      10-12 lbs. average| 20.00-22.00| 21.00-23.00| 27.00-28.00|
      12-14 lbs. average| 18.00-20.00| 18.00-20.00| 22.00-25.00|
      14-16 lbs. average| 16.00-18.00| 16.00-18.00| 19.00-21.00|
      16 lbs. and over  | 12.00-15.00| 13.00-15.00| 15.00-18.00|
    Shoulders--         |            |            |            |
      Skinned           | 13.00-14.00| 14.00-15.00| 14.50-15.00|
    Picnics--           |            |            |            |
      4-6 lbs. average  | 10.50-11.00| 11.00-11.50| 12.00-12.50|
      6-8 lbs. average  | 10.00-10.50| 10.00-11.00| 11.00-12.00|
    Butts--             |            |            |            |
      Boston style      | 16.00-17.00| 16.00-17.00| 18.00-20.00|
  ----------------------+------------+------------+------------+

  ----------------------+--------------------------------------
                        |               New York.
                        +------------+------------+------------
                        |  Oct. 4.   |  Sept. 27. |  Sept. 6.
  ----------------------+------------+------------+------------
  Fresh beef:           |            |            |
      Choice            |$17.00-19.00|$17.00-19.00|$18.00-19.00
      Good              | 14.00-16.00| 14.00-16.00| 15.00-17.00
      Medium            | 11.00-13.00| 12.00-13.50| 13.00-14.00
      Common            |  9.00-10.00| 10.00-11.00|  9.00-12.00
    Cows--              |            |            |
      Good              |     ...    | 10.00-11.00| 11.00-12.00
      Medium            |  9.00-10.00|  9.00-10.00|  9.00-10.00
      Common            |  8.00- 9.00|  8.00- 9.00|  8.00- 9.00
    Bulls--             |            |            |
      Common            |  8.00- 9.00|  8.50- 9.00|  7.00- 7.50
    Steers--            |            |            |
  Fresh lamb and mutton:|            |            |
    Lamb--              |            |            |
      Choice            | 18.00-19.00| 19.00-20.00| 20.00-21.00
      Good              | 16.00-17.00| 16.00-18.00| 19.00-20.00
      Medium            | 15.00-16.00| 15.00-16.00| 16.00-18.00
      Common            | 10.00-14.00| 10.00-14.00| 10.00-15.00
    Mutton--            |            |            |
      Good              | 11.00-12.00| 12.00-13.00| 11.00-13.00
      Medium            | 10.00-11.00| 10.00-11.00| 10.00-11.00
      Common            |  7.00- 9.00|  7.00- 9.00|  5.00- 9.00
  Fresh veal:           |            |            |
    Good                | 18.00-20.00| 19.00-21.00| 22.00-24.00
    Medium              | 14.00-17.00| 15.00-18.00| 19.00-20.00
    Common              |  8.00-10.00|  9.00-12.00| 14.00-17.00
  Fresh pork cuts:      |            |            |
    Choice              | 21.00-22.00| 23.00-25.00| 25.00-26.00
    Loins--             |            |            |
      8-10 lbs. average | 27.00-28.00| 23.00-30.00| 29.00-30.00
      10-12 lbs. average| 25.00-26.00| 27.00-20.00| 26.00-28.00
      12-14 lbs. average| 21.00-23.00| 24.00-25.00| 23.00-25.00
      14-16 lbs. average| 18.00-20.00| 18.00-20.00| 20.00-21.00
      16 lbs. and over  | 15.00-18.00| 16.00-18.00| 17.00-18.00
    Shoulders--         |            |            |
      Skinned           | 14.00-15.00| 15.00-16.00| 15.00-16.00
    Picnics--           |            |            |
      4-6 lbs. average  |     ...    |     ...    |     ...
      6-8 lbs. average  | 11.00-12.00| 11.00-12.00| 13.00-14.00
    Butts--             |            |            |
      Boston style      | 18.00-19.00| 18.00-20.00| 17.00-18.00
  ----------------------+------------+------------+------------


MEAT TRADE NARROW DURING MOST OF SEPTEMBER.


Fairly Good Demand Early in Month Not Sustained--Week-End Accumulations
Frequent.

Fresh-meat trade during September was narrow and movements into
consumptive channels were considerably less than during August, except
for a short period at the beginning of the month when there was a fairly
good demand for all classes. Although receipts of some classes were less
than normal, week-end accumulations in wholesale markets were frequent
and as a rule sharp declines followed.

Supplies of beef at eastern markets were approximately 8,250,000 lbs.,
or 13,800 carcasses less than a year ago. Veal supplies decreased 6,300
carcasses and mutton 32,000 carcasses. Lamb increased 63,000 carcasses,
or 2,500,000 lbs. At eastern points the decrease in supplies of fresh
pork from locally slaughtered hogs was more than offset by increased
shipments from middle western packing centers and a net increase of
110,000 lbs. for the month was shown.


BEEF TRADE UNIMPROVED.

_Beef._--Improved trade conditions which were expected to follow cooler
weather did not materialize. Average weekly supplies were less than for
several months past, but the demand was curtailed to an even greater
extent. With liberal quantities of low-grade beef offered at packing
centers, increased supplies of sausage material were available, and
prices in most cases were fully 50% below those prevailing a year ago.
Comparatively little choice beef was offered at any of the markets, and
when it appeared in the form of heavy carcasses it was hard to move,
selling only at a heavy discount. Carcasses weighing from 450 to 600
lbs. were the kind most in demand.

With supplies at eastern markets consisting chiefly of medium to good
grass-fed steers, prices were uneven and during most of the month tended
downward. Boston was relatively steadier than other eastern markets and
closed only about $1 lower, while New York and Philadelphia registered
sharp weekly fluctuations and closed unevenly $1 to $2 net lower.
Although the demand at Chicago was again narrow and showed no apparent
improvement over that of the preceding month, price changes were slight.
To some extent this was caused by local conditions and the ability to
adjust supplies to the demand.

Cow beef constituted a relatively small proportion of the offerings at
all markets, and was materially less in quantity than at the same time a
year ago. Markets were not generally supplied with bulls, and in most
cases daily receipts were insufficient to justify quotations.

While kosher beef markets registered slight weekly fluctuations, the
range of prices generally was steady, though somewhat higher than in
August. The better grades were in best demand. Because of the near
approach of Yom Kippur and other Jewish holidays, kosher killing was
discontinued during the closing days of September and any surplus
supplies were offered for sale to the regular trade.

_Veal._--Liberal offerings of heavy veal carcasses, most of which were
of undesirable quality, had a depressing effect on prices in general.
Milk-fed veal was scarce, but when available found ready sale at firm
prices. Receipts at eastern markets were 6,300 carcasses less than
during the corresponding month a year ago, but were more than the trade
required. Price ranges were materially widened, with the trend upward
during the first week, but sharply downward through the remainder of the
month. All markets were similarly affected. Closing prices at eastern
markets were unevenly $2 to $3 lower than the opening, with common and
medium grades registering the greatest decline. Choice veal at Chicago
closed steady to $1 higher, with other grades mostly $2 lower than the
opening.


LAMB TRADE CHAOTIC.

_Lamb._--With continued heavy receipts of lambs at live-stock centers,
the dressed trade was in a chaotic condition. Although estimated
receipts of lamb at seven of the principal live-stock markets showed a
decrease of 12% as compared with the same month one year ago, liberal
offerings of Canadian lambs at eastern markets more than offset the
decrease and intensified the already existing unsettled condition. This,
together with the continued unequal demand, assisted in pushing prices
of the dressed product below the low point reached in February of the
present year. Total supplies at eastern markets exceeded those of the
same period a year ago by 2,500,000 lbs., and fluctuations on the
different grades amounted to $6.

While Chicago registered smaller fluctuations the trend was steadily
downward and closing prices were $2 to $3 below the opening. Although
closing prices at eastern markets were slightly above the low spot for
the month, trade conditions at the close were generally unsatisfactory
to the selling side. At the beginning of the month cold storage holdings
were 820,519 lbs. less than a month earlier, but were still considerably
above the season’s average during prewar years.

_Mutton._--Receipts of mutton at eastern markets decreased 32,000
carcasses as compared with the same period a year ago. This reduction,
together with a general improvement in quality over that of the previous
month, was the principal factor contributing to a generally steady
market in the East, particularly during the last half of the month. With
supplies at Chicago consisting largely of heavy bucks and ewes and
practically no handyweight wethers, that market declined sharply and
closed $1.50 to $2 below the opening.

_Pork._--Conditions in the fresh-pork trade were generally unsettled.
Sharp weekly fluctuations caused by erratic advances on Mondays, which
could not be maintained through the week, were an outstanding feature of
the month’s trade at some markets. Supplies of loins at eastern markets
were practically the same as a year ago and consisted mostly of frozen
or chilled stock, for which there was an uneven demand. The latter sold
at a wide range of prices and unevenly $4 to $10 below corresponding
averages of fresh loins. Closing prices at eastern markets were only
slightly changed from the opening, some averages being 50¢ to $1 lower.

Conditions at Chicago, which has been the high market during the past
two months, were materially changed and declines equaling the advances
of late July were registered during the last half of September. From the
high point of $32 on light average loins, prices had dropped to $26 at
the close. Heavier average loins registered similar declines. Shoulder
cuts were relatively more stable but were mostly $1 to $1.50 off at the
close.

_Cured pork and lard._--The domestic demand for cured pork cuts and
lard, while fair for the season, was not of sufficient volume to offset
the decline in live-stock markets and prices registered sharp declines.
Dry salt meats and lard were in relatively better demand than hams,
bacon, and picnics, and showed proportionately smaller declines. At the
close wholesale prices of hams at Chicago were off $3 to $3.50, bacon $2
to $2.50, and picnics $1.50 to $2. The net decline on lard amounted to
75¢, dry salt backs 50¢ to 75¢, and dry salt bellies about $1. Reacting
from the general upward trend of prices during August, compound lard
markets were weak and closing prices were unevenly 75¢ to $1.50 under
the opening.

=STOCKER AND FEEDER SHIPMENTS.=

Week ending Friday, Sept. 30.

  ---------------------+-------+-----+-------
                       |Cattle |     |
                       |  and  |Hogs.| Sheep.
                       |calves.|     |
  ---------------------+-------+-----+-------
  Market origin:       |       |     |
    Chicago            | 11,838| ... | 41,892
    East St. Louis     |  6,799|  551|  1,289
    Fort Worth         |  3,097|  353|    177
    Indianapolis       |  1,675|  537|    262
    Kansas City        | 26,728|2,428| 10,674
    Oklahoma City      |  2,504|  272|  ...
    Omaha              | 21,578| ... | 54,992
    St. Joseph         |  3,611|  145|  8,148
    St. Paul           |  9,745|  204|  3,837
    Sioux City         | 11,497|2,223|  5,651
    Wichita            |  2,605|  127|  ...
                       +-------+-----+-------
      Total            |101,677|6,840|126,922
    Previous week      | 93,564|5,770| 80,524
    Same week last year|109,142|8,795|168,815
                       +=======+=====+=======
  State destination:   |       |     |
    Arkansas           |     30|  146|  ...
    California         |    364| ... |  ...
    Georgia            |     78| ... |  ...
    Idaho              |      2| ... |  ...
    Illinois           | 16,394|1,016| 18,285
    Indiana            |  5,966|  537| 13,297
    Iowa               | 21,252|2,564| 27,640
    Kansas             |  6,823|  538|  1,482
    Kentucky           |    715| ... |  1,671
    Maryland           |    162| ... |    656
    Massachusetts      |     24| ... |  ...
    Michigan           |  1,160| ... |  9,696
    Minnesota          |  1,899|  642|  3,931
    Missouri           | 13,765|  431| 15,310
    Nebraska           | 17,666|  563| 24,891
    New Jersey         |     19| ... |  ...
    New York           |   ... | ... |    884
    Ohio               |  4,112|  216|  4,607
    Oklahoma           |  3,571|  126|  ...
    Pennsylvania       |  4,490| ... |  ...
    South Dakota       |  1,201| ... |  1,877
    Tennessee          |     26| ... |  ...
    Texas              |  1,190|   61|    177
    Virginia           |     25| ... |  ...
    West Virginia      |     56| ... |  ...
    Wisconsin          |    687|1,866|  2,518
                       +-------+-----+-------
      Total            |101,677|6,840|126,922
  ---------------------+-------+-----+-------

=Iowa led all other States= in the number of telephones on farms
reported to the Census Bureau on Jan. 1. A total of 2,508,002 farms or
38.9% of all farms in the country, had telephones.


List of Brazilian Live-stock Raisers and Breeders Available for
Distribution.

A list containing the names and addresses of 10,000 live-stock raisers
and breeders has just been received from the Minister of Agriculture of
Brazil. The list also gives the number of animals owned by each
producer. The total number of animals represented is 5,227,113.

Of the 10,000 breeders, 1,092 have 1,000 to 5,000 animals; 107 have
between 5,000 and 10,000; and 39 have more than 10,000. Three of this
latter group have 34,000 animals and one has 85,000. This list has been
classified according to the number of animals owned, made up in
mimeographed form, and will be sent to interested parties upon request.
The list does not show the breed or kind of live stock grown.

Similar lists of breeders in Uruguay, Argentina, Colombia, and Mexico
are also available. The list of Uruguayan breeders includes only those
who have pure-bred animals and does not give the number owned. They are
classified according to the breed raised. The list of Argentine breeders
consists of the exhibitors at the Palermo show.


Argentine Exports of Chilled Beef, Frozen Mutton and Lamb Increase.

The exports of frozen beef from Argentina during the first seven months
of 1921 show a decrease of 3,154,275 quarters, compared with the exports
during the corresponding months of 1920, according to statistics
compiled by the Review of the River Plate. The exports of chilled beef
during the same period increased 601,096 quarters; exports of frozen
mutton and lamb increased 1,011,754 and 355,593 carcasses, respectively.

The United Kingdom furnished the chief market for all of the frozen and
chilled meats exported from Argentina during the seven months’ period,
taking 1,582,035 quarters of frozen beef, 772,162 quarters of chilled
beef, 1,468,466 carcasses of frozen mutton, and 586,123 carcasses of
frozen lamb.

The following table shows the exports of frozen and chilled beef and
frozen mutton and lamb from Argentina for the first seven months of 1921
as compared with the same period in the five preceding years:

  -----------+-----------+-----------+------------+------------
    First 7  |  Frozen   |  Chilled  |  Frozen    |   Frozen
  months of--|   beef.   |   beef.   |  mutton.   |   lamb.
  -----------+-----------+-----------+------------+------------
             |_Quarters._|_Quarters._|_Carcasses._|_Carcasses._
  1916       | 2,465,408 |  450,628  |   933,964  |   393,116
  1917       | 2,935,365 |  373,083  |   664,540  |   314,435
  1918       | 3,249,649 |   23,544  |   546,161  |   120,012
  1919       | 2,851,533 |   74,598  |   826,958  |   131,826
  1920       | 5,344,635 |  183,114  |   594,727  |   260,943
  1921       | 2,189,360 |  784,210  | 1,606,481  |   616,536
  -----------+-----------+-----------+------------+------------

=CHICAGO WHOLESALE PRICES OF CURED PORK AND PORK PRODUCTS.=

[Per 100 lbs.]

  -----------------------------+------------+------------+------------
                               |  Sept. 30. |  Sept. 23. |  Sept. 2.
  -----------------------------+------------+------------+------------
  Hams, smoked, 14-16 average  |$23.50-24.00|$24.00-25.50|$27.00-29.00
  Hams, fancy 14-16 average    | 26.00-26.75| 26.00-28.00| 30.00-31.50
  Picnics, smoked, 4-8 average | 12.50-15.00| 12.50-14.50| 14.50-16.00
  Bacon, breakfast, 6-8 average| 23.50-24.50| 24.00-24.50| 25.00-27.00
  Bacon, fancy, 6-8 average    | 34.00-35.00| 33.00-35.50| 34.00-38.00
  Bellies, D. S., 14-16 average| 14.75-10.00| 13.75-15.75| 15.00-15.50
  Backs, D. S., 14-16 average  | 11.75-12.25| 10.25-11.75| 11.00-11.50
  Pure lard, tierces           | 11.50-13.75| 13.00-13.75| 13.00-14.50
  Compound lard, tierces       | 12.00-13.00| 12.25-12.75| 11.00-12.00
  -----------------------------+------------+------------+------------

=COLD STORAGE HOLDINGS OF FISH, SEPT. 15.=

[Thousands of pounds, i. e., 000 omitted.]

  ----------------------+------+------+------+------+------
                        |      |      |      |      |Frozen
                        | Sept.| Sept.| Aug. | Aug. | since
        Varieties.      |  15, |  15, |  15, |  15, | Aug.
                        | 1921.| 1920.| 1921.| 1920.| 15,
                        |      |      |      |      |1921.
  ----------------------+------+------+------+------+------
    FROZEN FISH.        |      |      |      |      |
  Bluefish              |   442|   256|   282|   211|   180
  Butterfish            |   422|   615|   255|   489|   203
  Ciscoes               | 5,841| 4,999| 4,444| 2,152| 1,875
  Cod, bake, pollack    | 1,865| 2,578| 1,878| 2,113|    95
  Croakers              |   345|   709|   331|   281|    93
  Halibut               | 9,125|10,340| 7,693| 8,630| 1,363
  Herring               | 3,870| 5,405| 3,715| 5,480|   632
  Lake trout            | 1,043|   555|   991|   554|    93
  Mackerel              | 1,603| 2,678| 1,696| 3,015|   105
  Rock fishes           |    69|   200|    69|   185|     4
  Sablefish             |   978|   834|   600|   597|   339
  Salmon, fall          |   836|   891|   759|   815|    65
  Salmon, silver        | 1,064|   540|   631|   414|   453
  Salmon, other         | 5,262| 3,248| 3,419| 2,281| 1,664
  Sea bass              |    61|   109|    68|   122|     4
  Shad                  |   349|   502|   325|   474|    28
  Shad roe              |    43|    43|    45|    49|  ...
  Smelts, eulachon, etc.|   335|   116|   272|   101|    65
  Squid                 | 3,017| 2,163| 3,177|   910|    53
  Weakfish              | 1,755|   493| 1,640|   449|   190
  Whitefish             | 1,782| 1,016| 1,587|   624|   207
  Whiting               | 5,258| 9,649| 4,974| 8,630|   464
  Miscellaneous         | 9,226| 8,453| 8,580| 8,565| 1,181
                        +------+------+------+------+------
        Total           |54,591|56,297|47,431|47,141| 9,356
                        |      |      |      |      |
    CURED FISH.         |      |      |      |      |
  Herring               |16,207|22,752|11,913|22,111|  ...
  Mild cured salmon     | 6,855| 8,275| 6,165| 8,149|  ...
  ----------------------+------+------+------+------+------


Canadian Livestock Marketing Costs.

“It has been announced in the press that Quebec farmers are receiving a
few dollars only for grass-fed calves, and from $10 up for cows, steers,
etc.,” reports the American vice consul at Montreal. “The farmer sells
his steer to the drover for 5¢ a lb. on the hoof. The latter sells to
the abattoir for 6¢, and, after he has paid his overhead expenses,
freight, shrinkage, etc., he makes an average of about $5 on each
animal. The abattoir figures on a profit of about $6 on an average
steer. There is little or no profit made on the forequarters, and for
this the hind-quarters must compensate.”

=ANIMALS SLAUGHTERED UNDER FEDERAL INSPECTION DURING AUGUST.=

  --------------------+---------+---------+---------+------+----------
       Station.       | Cattle. | Calves. | Sheep.  |Goats.|  Swine.
  --------------------+---------+---------+---------+------+----------
  Chicago             |  138,496|   34,538|  293,516|   ...|   433,823
  Fort Worth          |   33,713|   40,516|   13,549|    39|    27,079
  Kansas City         |   98,897|   26,647|  104,831|    36|   167,034
  National Stock Yards|   24,516|   11,105|   48,312|    16|    72,874
  Omaha               |   61,634|    4,573|  184,687|   ...|   123,089
  St. Louis           |   16,788|    4,965|   10,663|   ...|   104,840
  Sioux City          |   16,637|    1,137|   10,883|   ...|    72,845
  South St. Joseph    |   23,797|    5,962|   58,814|    13|   105,624
  South St. Paul      |   19,426|   21,513|   33,177|   ...|    96,357
  All other establish-|         |         |         |      |
  ments               |  246,515|  152,840|  478,560|    97| 1,326,894
                      +---------+---------+---------+------+----------
    Total:            |         |         |         |      |
      August, 1921    |  680,419|  303,796|1,236,992|   201| 2,530,459
      August, 1920    |  685,763|  332,349|1,041,580| 1,750| 2,190,821
      8 months ending |         |         |         |      |
      August, 1921    |4,907,174|2,526,022|8,540,072| 3,240|26,440,048
      8 months ending |         |         |         |      |
      August, 1920    |5,413,781|2,835,457|6,862,931|28,826|26,239,384
  --------------------+---------+---------+---------+------+----------

Horses slaughtered at all establishments, 175; Inspections of lard
prepared at all establishments, 126,026,473 lbs.; compound and other
substitutes, 29,823,542 lbs. Corresponding inspections for August, 1920:
Lard, 96,527,453 lbs.; compound and other substitutes, 28,322,618 lbs.




_Fruits and Vegetables_


HEAVY PRODUCE MOVEMENT SENDS PRICE TREND DOWNWARD.


Potato Shipments Double Those of Preceding Week--Total Movement Near
Peak of Season.

Potato prices declined during the week ending Oct. 3 under the heaviest
movement of the season. Prices of cabbage and sweet potatoes were lower.
Apple prices showed a weaker tone. Other lines were fairly steady. Total
shipments of leading lines for the week were 24,033 cars, or about
one-third more than during the preceding week. During the corresponding
week last year 17,283 cars were moved. The heaviest week’s movement last
season was during Oct. 12 to 18, with 27,171 cars.


POTATO SHIPMENTS HEAVY.

_Potatoes._--Potato shipments reached 10,001 cars during the week ending
Oct. 1, thereby increasing the season’s total shipments to 80,560 cars
as compared with 65,833 cars moved last year to the same date. The
week’s shipments nearly doubled those of last week which were 5,824
cars. Minnesota, the heaviest contributing State, shipped 2,573 cars,
North Dakota 1,656 cars, and Maine 1,010 cars. Markets were heavily
supplied, demand was slow and prices declined, but strengthened at the
close. New York Round Whites declined 25¢ to a close of $1.75 per 100
lbs. sacked f. o. b. shipping points and ranged 40¢ to 50¢ lower in
Pittsburgh at $2 to $2.10. Bulk stock declined 25¢ to 50¢ in
Philadelphia to a range of $1.75 to $2 the middle of the week, but
recovered at the close and ruled $2.15, a net loss of 10¢ from last
week’s price.

Northern Round Whites declined 70¢ in the Chicago carlot market, to a
range of $1.65 to $1.85, but strengthened to a close of $1.90 to $2. In
producing sections, prices declined 20¢ to 35¢ during the week, ranging
$1.45 to $1.80, but closed stronger at $1.60 to $1.90 f. o. b. Idaho
Rurals ruled 25¢ lower at $1.10 f. o. b. shipping points. Maine Irish
Cobblers followed the general trend, showing a net loss at shipping
points of 25¢ and closing at $1.11 to $1.21 per 100 lbs., bulk f. o. b.
Green Mountains declined 10¢ to 20¢ and closed at $1.26 to $1.41.
Cobblers declined 15¢ to 25¢ in consuming markets, bulk stock ranging
$1.65 to $1.85 in New York and sacked stock $1.75 to $1.85 in Boston.

_Sweet potatoes._--Sweet potato markets were well supplied, demand was
slow to moderate and prices weakened. More than half the week’s supply
in city markets was furnished by Virginia, now the leading shipping
State. Yellow varieties from the Eastern Shore lost $1.25 in New York
City, closing weak at $2.75 to $3 per bbl. This stock ranged $4 to $4.50
in Chicago and $4 to $4.25 in other markets. Tennessee Nancy Halls
declined 10¢ to 30¢ in Chicago to a range of 90¢ to $1.15 per bushel
hamper, but were firm in St. Louis at $1.15. New Jersey yellow varieties
were about steady in New York at $1.50 to $1.60 per bushel hamper and in
Pittsburgh at $2, but weakened slightly in Chicago to a range of $1.90
to $2.15.

_Apples._--Apple markets were well supplied, demand was slow to
moderate, and prices show some declines. New York Baldwins, A2¹⁄₂, were
steady at $6.50 to $7 per bbl. in New York, $7 to $7.50 in Philadelphia,
and sold in Boston at $2.10 to $2.15 per bu. box. This stock closed 25¢
higher at $6.25 f. o. b. shipping points. New York Rhode Island
Greenings declined 50¢, closing at $7.50 to $8.25 in Chicago, and at $8
to $9 in New York. Northwestern Extra Fancy Jonathans were firm early in
the week in New York City at $4.75 to $5 per box, but declined to a
close of $4 to $4.25. Total shipments of apples from all sections for
the season were 17,288 cars, or slightly more than for last season to
the same date. Boxed apple shipments were 3,568 cars, or nearly double
last week’s movement and more than three times as heavy as for the same
week a year ago. Washington with 1,864 cars exceeded last week’s entire
boxed apple movement of 1,846 cars. Barreled apple shipments were 2,348
cars compared with 2,771 a year ago. New York, the heaviest shipping
section, sent 1,301 cars.

_Onions._--Demand for onions was slow and markets were dull in the East.
Chicago held steady. Eastern yellow Globes No. 1 were firm in New York
the middle of the week at $3.75 to $4 per 100 lbs. sacked, but declined
later, reaching $3.25 to $3.50. Other markets were firm at $3.75 to $4.
Middle western yellow stock strengthened in New York and Cincinnati,
ranging $4 to $4.25, and declined 25¢ in Pittsburgh, clos- $3.75 to $4.
California yellow and brown varieties were steady in Chicago at $4.25 to
$4.50.

_Cabbage._--Markets for cabbage were dull in producing sections, with
slow demand and movement. New York Danish type stock declined $2,
ranging $30 to $33 per ton bulk f. o. b.; domestic closed slightly
higher than last week at $23 to $25. A decline of about $10 occurred in
consuming markets. Domestic stock closed at $30 to $35 in New York and
at $20 to $25 in Philadelphia. Northern Danish held steady in Chicago at
$35 and at $40 in St. Louis. Cabbage shipments for the week were 682
cars, exceeding those for the same time last year, but showing a
decrease from last week’s movement. New York shipped 197 cars, Wisconsin
177, and Colorado 154.

=CARLOAD SHIPMENTS OF FRUITS AND VEGETABLES.=

  ------------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+
                    |Week of Sept.|             |             |
  Commodity.        |25 to Oct. 1.|  September. |   August.   |
                    +------+------+------+------+------+------+
                    | 1921 | 1920 | 1921 | 1920 | 1921 | 1920 |
  ------------------+------+------+------+------+------+------+
  Apples:           |      |      |      |      |      |      |
    Boxed           | 3,568| 1,109| 6,188| 2,048| 1,005|   846|
    Barreled        | 2,348| 2,771| 5,692| 8,995| 2,215| 2,854|
  Cabbage           |   682|   522| 2,514| 1,791| 1,293|   993|
  Cantaloupes       |   113|   259| 2,091| 2,784| 5,917| 6,771|
  Celery            |   145|   113|   445|   420|   219|   150|
  Grapes            | 4,316| 3,466|15,496|12,001| 2,810| 4,647|
  Lettuce           |   300|   132| 1,280|   832| 1,113|   934|
  Onions            |   730|   932| 3,074| 3,674| 1,816| 1,899|
  Peaches           |    41| 1,795| 4,921|10,528| 6,937| 6,284|
  Pears             |   546|   786| 3,793| 4,850| 5,089| 3,079|
  Potatoes:         |      |      |      |      |      |      |
    Sweet           |   692|   531| 2,799| 2,840| 1,860|   665|
    White           |10,001| 4,055|24,707|18,057|15,639|13,583|
  Tomatoes          |   387|   692| 2,468| 3,434|   995| 1,604|
  Watermelons       |    91|    92| 1,788| 2,174|11,435|10,299|
  Vegetables (mixed)|   309|   233| 1,323|   947| 1,380|   972|
                    +------+------+------+------+------+------+
    Total           |24,269|17,488|78,579|75,375|59,723|55,580|
  ------------------+------+------+------+------+------+------+

  ------------------+-------------+---------------
                    |             |   Season to
  Commodity.        |    July.    |     Oct. 1.
                    +------+------+-------+-------
                    | 1921 | 1920 |  1921 | 1920
  ------------------+------+------+-------+-------
  Apples:           |      |      |       |
    Boxed           |   368|   278|  8,277|  3,440
    Barreled        |   659| 1,560|  9,061| 13,824
  Cabbage           |   416|   507| 17,396| 17,691
  Cantaloupes       | 8,016| 5,284| 24,538| 22,316
  Celery            |    98|    68|  4,958|  3,633
  Grapes            |   363|   366| 19,332| 17,652
  Lettuce           | 1,377|   980| 16,453| 11,847
  Onions            | 1,403| 1,031| 11,758| 13,344
  Peaches           | 8,673| 6,881| 25,967| 25,474
  Pears             | 1,461| 2,417| 10,458| 10,462
  Potatoes:         |      |      |       |
    Sweet           |   225|    92|  5,038|  3,656
    White           |16,513|15,621| 80,560| 65,833
  Tomatoes          | 1,644| 2,180| 15,074| 13,652
  Watermelons       |19,206|20,199| 44,172| 39,109
  Vegetables (mixed)| 1,369|   719| 12,340|  9,453
                    +------+------+-------+-------
    Total           |61,791|58,183|305,382|271,386
  ------------------+------+------+-------+-------

=PRICES OF FRUITS AND VEGETABLES.=

Jobbing Range.

    POTATOES, Eastern and Northern Round-Whites, No. 1, per 100 lbs.
                                  sacked.
  -----------------+-------+-----------------------------+--------------
  Market.          |  Car- |         This season.        |   One year
                   | loads |-----------------------------|     ago.
                   |  re-  |    Oct. 3    |   Sept. 26.  |
                   |ceived.|              |              |
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
  New York         |  428  |[1]$1.65-$1.80|[1]$2.20-$2.30|[2]$1.70-$1.80
  Boston           |  270  | [1]1.75- 1.85|       [1]2.00| [1]1.75- 1.85
  Philadelphia     |  202  | [1]2.00- 2.15|          2.25|          2.00
  Pittsburgh       |  178  |    2.00- 2.10|          2.50|    2.50- 2.65
  Cincinnati       |   69  |          2.35|    2.50- 2.65|          2.35
  Chicago          |  701  | [3]1.90- 2.00| [3]2.35- 2.50| [3]2.00- 2.25
  St. Louis        |   99  | [4]2.25- 2.30| [4]2.50- 2.65|    2.30- 2.40
  Kansas City      |  217  | [4]2.00- 2.10|       [4]2.30| [4]1.75- 2.00
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
     SWEET POTATOES, Virginia Eastern Shore Yellow Varieties, Barrels.
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
  New York         |  109  |   $2.75-$3.00|   $3.50-$4.00|   $3.75-$4.25
  Boston           |   32  |    4.00- 4.25|    4.00- 4.25|    4.25- 4.50
  Philadelphia     |    1  |          4.00|          3.25|       ...
  Pittsburgh       |   28  |    4.00- 4.15|          4.00|    4.25- 4.50
  Cincinnati       |   11  |    4.00- 4.25|    4.25- 4.50|    4.00- 4.25
  Chicago          |   41  |    4.00- 4.50|    4.50- 4.75|    4.25- 4.75
  St. Louis        |    1  |       [5]1.15| [5]1.10- 1.15|       [5]1.25
  Kansas City      |  ...  | [5]1.00- 1.10| [5]1.15- 1.25|       ...
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
   ONIONS, Eastern and Middle Western Yellow Globes, No. 1, per 100 lbs.
                                  sacked.
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
  New York         |   99  |   $3.25-$3.50|   $3.50-$3.75|   $1.75-$1.90
  Boston           |   30  |          3.75|    3.50- 3.75|    1.50- 1.60
  Philadelphia     |   30  |          4.00|    3.25- 4.00|    1.25- 1.60
  Pittsburgh       |   40  |    3.75- 4.00|    3.75- 4.25|    1.50- 1.75
  Cincinnati       |    9  |          4.25|    3.75- 4.25|          1.50
  Chicago          |   90  |    3.75- 4.00|    3.50- 3.75|    1.75- 1.90
  St. Louis        |   29  | [6]3.50- 3.75|       [6]3.75| [6]1.85- 2.00
  Kansas City      |   30  | [6]3.00- 3.25|       [6]2.25|       [6]1.75
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
          CABBAGE, New York and Northern Domestic, per Ton Bulk.
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
  New York         |   29  |       $30-$35|           $40|         ...
  Philadelphia     |   26  |         15-20|        $30-35|       $10-$13
  Pittsburgh       |   12  | [7]2.00- 2.25|  [7]2.00-2.25|            20
  Cincinnati       |   10  |         24-25|         35-40|         18-20
  Chicago          |   38  |         [8]35|         24-25|           8-9
  St. Louis        |   57  |         [8]40|         35-40|         30-35
  Kansas City      |   48  |       [7]1.75|       [7]2.25|       [7]1.50
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
     APPLES, New York and Maine Baldwins and Fall Varieties, A2¹⁄₂,
                                     Barrels.
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
  New York         |  408  |   $6.50-$7.00|  $8.00-$12.00|   $5.00-$5.50
  Boston           |  121  |    8.00- 9.00|   6.00- 10.00|          4.00
  Philadelphia     |  118  |    7.00- 7.50|   8.00- 10.50|          4.50
  Pittsburgh       |   92  |    8.00- 8.50|          7.00|    4.00- 4.50
  Cincinnati       |  100  |    8.00- 8.50|   8.00-  8.50|       ...
  Chicago          |  403  |    8.25- 9.00|   8.00-  8.50|    5.50- 6.00
  Kansas City      |   99  |       ...    |      ...     | [9]7.00- 8.00
  -----------------+-------+--------------+--------------+--------------
                      =Prices f. o. b. Shipping Points.=
  -------------------------+--------------+--------------+--------------
          POTATOES         |              |              |
     (100 lbs. sacked).    |              |              |
  Rochester, N. Y.         |         $1.75|         $2.00|       ...
  Presque Isle, Me.        |[7]$1.26- 1.41| [7]1.46- 1.52|[7]$1.30-$1.35
  Grand Rapids, Mich.      |    1.75- 1.80|    1.95- 2.10|          2.00
  Waupaca, Wis.            |    1.60- 1.90|          1.95|    1.80- 1.85
  Minneapolis, Minn.       |    1.65- 1.85|    1.70- 1.95|    1.75- 1.90
  Alliance, Nebr.          |          1.80|    1.70- 1.95|          1.50
  Idaho Falls, Idaho       |          1.10|          1.35|[10]1.10- 1.15
  Greeley, Colo.           |[10]1.15- 1.25|      [10]1.40|[10]1.10- 1.15
     CABBAGE (ton bulk).   |              |              |
  Rochester, N. Y.         |         30.00|  32.00- 35.00|         10.00
  ONIONS (100 lbs. sacked).|              |              |
  Massachusetts Points     |          3.50|    3.50- 3.75|    1.40- 1.60
          APPLES.          |              |              |
  Barreled:                |              |              |
    Rochester, N. Y.       |          6.25|          6.00|    3.50- 4.00
  Boxed:                   |              |              |
    Spokane, Wash.         |    2.00- 2.15|          2.25|    2.00- 2.35
  -------------------------+--------------+--------------+--------------

  [1] Maine Irish Cobblers.

  [2] Maine Irish Cobblers, bulk 100 lbs.

  [3] Carlot sales.

  [4] Minnesota Red River Ohios.

  [5] Tennessee Nancy Halls.

  [6] Red varieties.

  [7] Bulk 100 lbs.

  [8] Danish type.

  [9] Missouri Jonathans.

  [10] Wagonloads, cash to growers.


OTHER FRUITS AND VEGETABLES.

New York and Michigan Concord _grapes_ in 12-qt. climax baskets declined
10¢ to 25¢ in New York and Boston, ranging 75¢ to $1.10, and closed
lower in Chicago at $1 to $1.25. Niagaras were weak in New York at 75¢
to 85¢. New York _cauliflower_ was slow and dull in Philadelphia at
$1.75 per crate, and ranged $2 to $2.25 in other markets. Michigan
Golden Heart _celery_ in highball crates was slow and steady in Chicago
and St. Louis at $1 to $1.25 and ranged $1.75 to $2 in Pittsburgh.
Massachusetts _cranberries_ were steady in Boston at $5 to $6 per
¹⁄₂-barrel crate, and at $6.25 to $6.50 in Pittsburgh and Cleveland. New
York Bartlett _pears_ ranged $3.25 to $3.50 per bushel basket in leading
markets.


Northern Maine Has Large Potato Crop.

The potato crop in Aroostook Co., Me., promises to be the largest ever
produced in northern Maine. Early plantings were damaged somewhat by dry
weather, but the later plantings have developed fully, and the stock has
become overgrown in many cases. The yield of Irish Cobblers will average
120 to 150 bbls. to the acre, with some yields as high as 200 bbls.

With a probable demand from a wide territory there is much local
confidence in the outcome of the marketing season, especially after the
first of the year. During the rise in the market the first week of
September large quantities of potatoes were sold on a basis of $3 per
bbl. to the grower, but many of these shipments were marketed at a loss.
Large quantities of potatoes are being stored because of the generally
low price level. Much of the stock that is being sold is that for which
storage space can not be obtained or which must be sold for financial
reasons. The growers generally feel that they should have $1.75 per 100
lbs. bulk.

The first heavy frost of the season came Sept. 21, and digging of all
varieties will be pushed from now on. Shipments will continue moderately
heavy and would undoubtedly become very heavy with stronger market
conditions.

Top price of the season in New York was $1,150 per car. The general
range in June in New York was $450 to $900 and in July $250 to $550. No
sales of medium sizes were reported in Philadelphia above $900 and
prevailing ranges during June were $400 to $700, but declines to a range
of $250 to $500 occurred in July. Sales in Boston ranged nearly as high
as in New York, allowing 1,000 melons per carload. Early quotations in
Boston ranged 60¢ to $1.10 per melon, but price declined in July to a
range of 30 to 65¢. Pittsburgh carlot sales ranged $500 to $1,025 in May
and June and $250 to $500 in July. Chicago market quoted a top of $1,100
the last of May, but prevailing early ranges were $500 to $800 and July
sales $200 to $600.


Correction.

In the table “Carlot shipments of cantaloupes” on page 217 of the The
Market Reporter for Oct. 1. the last column should be headed “To Sept.
17, 1920,” and the next to last column headed “To Sept. 17, 1921.”


RECORD BROKEN BY YEAR’S WATERMELON SHIPMENTS.


Carlot Movement Double that of 1918--Crop of Excellent Quality--Prices
Decline Rapidly.

Shipments of watermelons by the end of September somewhat exceeded
44,000 cars. The movement had surpassed that of last year by nearly
5,000 cars and was much larger than that of any preceding year.

The great Florida-Georgia-South Carolina melon section has shipped about
25,000 cars. Three other States, Texas, California, and Missouri,
shipped 3,000 to 5,000 cars each; Alabama and North Carolina shipped
over 1,000 each; Arkansas, Indiana, Oklahoma, 400 to 700 each; and 14
other States in smaller amounts. The season’s movement not only has
exceeded the previous record-breaking volume of 1920 but is one-half
greater than that of 1919 or of 1917 and more than double that of 1918.


INCREASE IN PRODUCTION.

Production the past three years has tended to increase rapidly in nearly
all the leading watermelon States. Nearly 30,000 acres were planted in
Texas compared with 38,000 in Georgia, the leading State, but shipments
from Texas were greatly reduced by unfavorable weather. In most other
sections conditions were favorable. Taking the watermelon section as a
whole, there was a greater production from an acreage about the same as
in 1920.

The East has been aggressively increasing its hold on the commercial
production of watermelons during the past few seasons. Of the 5,000 cars
constituting this season’s excess of shipments as compared with the
movement last year, 3,000 cars came from the Southeast, about 1,000 cars
from the Middle West, and a few hundred cars from the Far West.

The 1921 crop for the most part was of excellent grade. The size of
Florida melons was reduced by drought, but conditions improved as the
growing season moved northward.

The 1921 season opened with prices as high as in any preceding season.
First sales in May exceeded $1,000 per car for medium sizes in New York,
Chicago, and Pittsburgh. Similar prices were reported at the opening of
the 1920 season and there were a few opening sales of medium size melons
around $1,000 in 1919. In 1918 ranges in the early part of the season
were only about one-half those of 1919 and were still lower in 1917 and
1916.

Prices in 1921 were not so well sustained as in 1920. During July heavy
shipments from Georgia depressed the markets rapidly. July opened with
carlot sales at $250 to $650 in city markets, but the range soon
declined, reaching $200 to $250. The first week of August prices reached
the low point of the season at $150 to $250 per car but recovered about
$25 toward the end of the season of heavy shipments.


DECLINE RAPID.

Prices opened at $300 to $515 f. o. b. Florida shipping points with top
of $625, but declined rapidly with the beginning of the Georgia shipping
season. Florida and Georgia Tom Watsons ranged $200 to $650 in July.
Carolina melons at times ranged slightly lower than Georgia stock.

Prices of Missouri watermelons ranged $100 to $200 per car the first
week of August, $125 to $250 the second week, and $120 to $200 the third
week. Texas melons sold early in July at $2.50 to $3 per 100 lbs. but
ranged mostly $1.25 to $1.75 in August. Further details of the price
ranges of the principal lines of watermelons are given in the
accompanying tables.

Carlot Shipments of Watermelons.

  --------------+---------------+------------------------------
                |  To Sept. 24. |         Total season.
                |---------------+------------------------------
                |  1921 |  1920 |  1917 |  1918 |  1919 |  1920
  --------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------
  Alabama       | 1,398 | 1,160 | 1,634 |   806 |   708 | 1,160
  Arkansas      |   520 |   314 |   449 |    93 |   268 |   314
  California    | 3,455 | 3,106 | 1,137 | 1,689 | 3,300 | 3,272
  Delaware      |   496 |   177 |   511 |   303 |   327 |   177
  Florida       | 5,457 | 6,807 | 3,622 | 2,179 | 3,878 | 6,807
  Georgia       |15,791 |11,103 | 9,530 | 6,782 | 8,984 |11,103
  Illinois      |   309 |   247 |   386 |    68 |   190 |   251
  Indiana       |   706 |   647 |   630 |   191 |   581 |   661
  Iowa          |   681 |   330 |   238 |   132 |   321 |   348
  Maryland      |   759 |   458 | 1,019 |   388 |   515 |   458
  Missouri      | 3,089 | 3,008 | 2,533 | 1,196 | 3,516 | 3,012
  North Carolina| 1,219 |   799 | 1,201 |   727 |   891 |   799
  Oklahoma      |   549 |   464 |   505 |   189 |   870 |   465
  South Carolina| 4,407 | 4,735 | 4,107 | 2,787 | 2,673 | 4,735
  Texas         | 4,056 | 4,839 | 2,871 | 2,290 | 3,007 | 4,845
  Virginia      |   338 |   312 |   728 |   244 |   263 |   312
  Other States  |   851 |   506 |   402 |   328 |   568 |   530
                |-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------
        Total   |44,081 |39,012 |31,503 |20,392 |30,860 |39,249
  --------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+------

=RANGES OF WATERMELON PRICES=

=F. O. B. Shipping Points.=

[Bulk per car.]

  --------+-------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------
    State |Weights|     Opening.    |      High.      |       Low.
     and  |quoted.+-----------------+-------+---------+-------+---------
    year. |       |  Week |  Price. |  Week |  Price. |  Week |  Price.
          |       |  end- |         |  end- |         |  end- |
          |       | ing-- |         | ing-- |         | ing-- |
  -------++-------++------+---------+-------+---------+-------+---------
         |_Pounds._|      |         |       |         |       |
  Florida:|       |       |         |       |         |       |
    1921  | 22-28 |May  23|$350-$600|May  23|$350-$600|July 11|$200-$250
    1920  | 22-28 |June 14| 250- 500|June 14| 250- 500|June 28| 175- 500
    1919  | 22-28 |June  9| 400- 550|June  9| 400- 550|June 23| 300- 475
    1918  | 20-25 |June  3| 300- 400|June 24| 350- 450|June 10| 275- 400
    1917  | 20-25 |June 11| 140- 200|June 18| 165- 225|June 11| 140- 200
  Georgia:|       |       |         |       |         |       |
    1921  | 22-28 |June 27| 200- 525|June 27| 200- 525|Aug.  8|  40- 125
    1920  | 22-28 |July  5| 200- 450|July  5| 200- 450|July 19|  75- 200
    1919  | 22-27 |June 30| 250- 450|June 30| 250- 450|July 28| 125- 250
    1918  | 28-30 |July  1| 135- 175|July  8| 200- 220|July 15|  75- 150
    1917  | 20-25 |June 25| 175- 265|July  2| 175- 275|Aug. 20|  70-  75
  Texas:  |       |       |         |       |         |       |
    1921  | 22-28 |July 18|  80- 250|July 18|  80- 250|Aug.  1|[1]25-50¢
    1920  | 22-28 |July  5| 250- 375|July 12| 150- 375|July 19|  65- 250
    1919  | 22-28 |July 21| 250- 400|July 21| 250- 400|July 28| 150- 300
    1918  | 20-27 |June 24| 335- 400|June 24| 335- 400|July 22| 100- 200
    1917  | 20-25 |July  2| 200- 290|July  2| 200- 290|July 16| 100- 200
  Mis-    |       |       |         |       |         |       |
  souri:  |       |       |         |       |         |       |
    1921  | 22-28 |Aug.  1| 165- 340|Aug.  1| 165- 340|Aug. 22|  65- 150
    1920  | 22-28 |Aug.  2| 200- 325|Aug.  9| 300- 425|Aug. 16| 200- 350
    1919  | 22-28 |Aug.  4| 250- 450|Aug.  4| 250- 450|Aug. 11| 125- 300
    1918  | 20-25 |Aug.  5| 230- 300|Aug. 12| 300- 400|Aug.  5| 230- 300
    1916  | 22-27 |Aug.  7| 135- 200|Aug. 14| 110- 175|Aug. 21|  65- 165
  --------+-------+-------+---------+-------+---------+-------+---------

  [1] Bulk per 100 lbs.

=Sales to Jobbers in Leading Consuming Markets.=

  --------+-----+---------+---------------------+
    State |     | Weights |     Opening.        |
     and  |Year.| quoted. +-------+-------------+
  variety.|     |         | Week  |    Price.   |
          |     |         | end-  |             |
          |     |         | ing-- |             |
  --------+-----+---------+-------+-------------+
          |     |_Pounds._|       |             |
  Florida,| 1921|  22-28  |May  23|       $1,150|
  Tom     | 1920|  22-28  |June 14|    500-1,100|
  Watsons | 1919|  23-28  |June  9|    750-1,050|
          | 1918|  20-25  |June  3|    300-  500|
          | 1917|  20-25  |June 11|    250-  350|
          | 1916|  22-27  |Juno 12|    300-  350|
  Georgia,| 1921|  22-28  |July 11|    250-  650|
  Tom     | 1920|  22-28  |July 12|    400-  750|
  Watsons | 1919|  23-28  |July  7|    350-  800|
          | 1918|  28-30  |June 24|    550-  800|
          | 1917|  20-25  |June 25|    275-  450|
          | 1916|  22-27  |June 19|    300-  380|
  Texas,  | 1921|  22-28  |July 11|    250-  300|
  Tom     | 1920|  22-28  |July 12|    250-  400|
  Watsons | 1919|  23-28  |Aug.  4|    410-  600|
          | 1918|  20-27  |July 22|[1]2.25- 2.50|
          | 1917|  20-25  |July  2|    300-  450|
          | 1916|  20-27  |July 17|    175-  250|
  South   | 1921|  22-28  |July 18|    250-  450|
  Carolina| 1920|  22-28  |July 12|    400-  650|
          | 1919|  22-28  |July 21|    150-  350|
          | 1918|  20-25  |July 29|    225-  450|
          | 1917|  20-25  |July 16|    150-  260|
          | 1916|  22-27  |July  3|    175-  250|
  Missouri| 1921|  22-28  |Aug.  8|    100-  300|
          | 1919|  22-28  |Aug.  4|    325-  450|
          | 1918|  20-25  |Aug. 12|    250-  525|
          | 1917|  20-25  |Aug. 13|    150-  275|
          | 1916|  22-27  |July 31|    200-  275|
  --------+-----+---------+-------+-------------+

  --------+-----+---------+--------------------+--------------------
    State |     | Weights |        High.       |        Low.
     and  |Year.| quoted. +-------+------------+-------+------------
  variety.|     |         | Week  |   Price.   | Week  |   Price.
          |     |         | end-  |            | end-  |
          |     |         | ing-- |            | ing-- |
  --------+-----+---------+-------+------------+-------+------------
          |     |_Pounds._|       |            |       |
  Florida,| 1921|  22-28  |May  30|  $600-1,200|July 25|    $250-450
  Tom     | 1920|  22-28  |June 14|   500-1,100|July 12|     300-500
  Watsons | 1919|  23-28  |June  9|   750-1,050|July 14|     300-550
          | 1918|  20-25  |June 24|   550-  800|July  8|         300
          | 1917|  20-25  |July  2|   300-  450|July 10|     150-225
          | 1916|  22-27  |June 19|   300-  375|July 17|     100-225
  Georgia,| 1921|  22-28  |July 11|   250-  650|Aug.  8|     150-275
  Tom     | 1920|  22-28  |July 12|   400-  750|July 19|     250-600
  Watsons | 1919|  23-28  |July  7|   350-  800|July 21|     150-350
          | 1918|  28-30  |June 24|   550-  800|July 22|     250-350
          | 1917|  20-25  |July  2|   300-  450|July 30|     150-225
          | 1916|  22-27  |June 19|   300-  380|July 10|     150-225
  Texas,  | 1921|  22-28  |July 25|   275-  375|Aug.  8|[1]1.25-1.50
  Tom     | 1920|  22-28  |July 12|   250-  400|July 19|     250-400
  Watsons | 1919|  23-28  |Aug.  4|   410-  600|Aug. 18|     200-300
          | 1918|  20-27  |July 29|[1]2.25-2.75|July 29|[1]2.25-2.75
          | 1917|  20-25  |July  2|   300-  450|Aug. 20|     200-275
          | 1916|  20-27  |July 31|   200-  275|Aug. 14|     175-210
  South   | 1921|  22-28  |July 25|   250-  500|Aug. 15|     100-225
  Carolina| 1920|  22-28  |July 12|   400-  650|July 19|     250-575
          | 1919|  22-28  |Aug.  4|   300-  600|July 21|     150-350
          | 1918|  20-25  |Aug.  5|   325-  550|July 29|     225-450
          | 1917|  20-25  |Aug. 13|   225-  350|July 23|     150-190
          | 1916|  22-27  |Aug. 14|   225-  300|July 10|     150-225
  Missouri| 1921|  22-28  |Aug.  8|   100-  300|  ...  |       ...
          | 1919|  22-28  |Aug.  4|   325-  450|Sept. 1|     150-300
          | 1918|  20-25  |Aug. 19|   500-  515|Aug. 12|     250-525
          | 1917|  20-25  |Aug. 13|   150-  275|Aug. 20|     175-200
          | 1916|  22-27  |July 31|   200-  275|Aug. 21|     100-200
  --------+-----+---------+-------+------------+-------+------------

  [1] Bulk per 100 lbs.

=CARLOAD SHIPMENTS OF FRUITS AND VEGETABLES IN SEPTEMBER.=

  -------------------------+-------------+------+-------------+-------
                           |  September. |  Au- |  Season to  |Total
     Shipping districts.   |             |gust, |   Oct. 1.   | last
                           |             | 1921 |             |season.
                           +------+------+      +------+------+
                           | 1921 | 1920 |      | 1921 | 1920 |
  -------------------------+------+------+------+------+------+-------
       APPLES (boxed)      |      |      |      |      |      |
  California               | 1,179|   967|   668| 2,207| 1,980|  4,495
  Colorado                 |   708|   183|    10|   791|   224|  2,848
  Idaho                    | 1,093|   102|    22| 1,238|   137|  2,789
  Montana                  |    96|    22|    11|   117|    26|    429
  New Mexico               |   344|    57|   141|   490|    69|    278
  Oregon                   |   262|    36|    11|   292|    49|  3,687
  Utah                     |   166|    28|     1|   180|    35|    619
  Washington               | 2,340|   653|   141| 2,962|   940| 21,547
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 6,188| 2,048| 1,005| 8,277| 3,410| 36,092
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
     APPLES (barreled)     |      |      |      |      |      |
  Delaware                 |    33|    46|     2|   121|   610|    751
  Georgia                  |    27|    11|    15|    52|    41|    159
  Illinois                 |    85|   789|    45|   186| 1,550|  3,408
  Indiana                  |    18|    61|     0|    21|    92|    290
  Kansas                   |    46|   121|     6|    57|   144|    738
  Maine                    |   206|     6|     3|   235|     6|    412
  Md., Eastern Shore       |    35|    31|     2|    43|   109|    139
  Md., other               |    41|   231|     4|    51|   341|  1,398
  Michigan                 | 1,356| 1,188| 1,085| 2,851| 2,401|  6,122
  Minnesota                |    11|    32|    12|    23|    32|     41
  New Jersey               |    25|   126|    40|   157|   524|    846
  New York                 | 2,951| 2,488|   956| 4,294| 3,286| 33,755
  Ohio                     |   158|    43|     3|   179|    70|    966
  Pennsylvania             |    59|   190|     0|    63|   265|  3,412
  Vermont                  |    18|     9|     0|    21|     9|    133
  Virginia                 |   118| 1,523|     2|   127| 1,738|  8,324
  West Virginia            |   392|   744|    18|   433|   902|  4,785
  Wisconsin                |    73|    25|    10|    86|    32|     67
  Other sections           |    40| 1,331|    12|    61| 1,672|  6,203
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 5,692| 8,995| 2,215| 9,061|13,824| 71,949
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
          CABBAGE.         |      |      |      |      |      |
  Colorado                 |   740|   262|   698| 1,578|   696|  1,671
  Illinois                 |    11|    26|    14|    73|    63|    147
  Michigan                 |   168|    66|     8|   183|    71|    362
  Minnesota                |   117|   171|    30|   163|   221|    808
  New York                 |   721|   292|   137|   897|   327|  8,198
  Ohio                     |    33|    24|     6|   246|    93|    343
  Va. Roanoke Sect.        |   267|   407|   315|   652|   843|    972
  Wisconsin                |   422|   404|    15|   471|   443|  4,894
  Other sections           |    35|   139|    70|13,133|14,934| 15,583
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 2,514| 1,791| 1,293|17,396|17,691| 32,978
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
       CANTALOUPES.        |      |      |      |      |      |
  Calif., Turlock          |   179|   152| 1,242| 2,137| 3,823|  3,850
  Calif., other            |     9|    13|    55|   206|   227|    235
  Colorado                 | 1,790| 2,088| 1,248| 3,086| 2,369|  2,454
  Michigan                 |    15|   122|   117|   144|   203|    209
  Washington               |    59|   187|   146|   205|   325|    329
  Other sections           |    39|   222| 2,771|18,780|15,369| 15,380
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 2,091| 2,784| 5,917|24,538|22,316| 22,457
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
         CELERY.           |      |      |      |      |      |
  Colorado                 |    39|    85|    10|    53|   108|    296
  Michigan                 |   129|   121|    99|   309|   223|    603
  New Jersey               |    59|    26|    43|   119|    68|    107
  New York                 |   107|   105|     6|   128|   127|  2,783
  Ohio                     |    16|     4|    18|    35|     5|     37
  Pennsylvania             |    92|    79|    40|   136|   110|    175
  Other sections           |     3|     0|     3| 4,178| 2,992|  6,356
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                |   445|   420|   219| 4,958| 3,633| 10,357
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
         GRAPES.           |      |      |      |      |      |
  Calif., N. dist.         | 5,449| 4,610|   268| 5,984| 5,709| 11,605
  Calif., C. dist.         | 6,533| 3,818| 2,181| 9,054| 7,388| 12,862
  Calif., S. dist.         | 1,046| 1,434|   129| 1,412| 2,111|  2,454
  Michigan                 |   947| 1,428|   114| 1,083| 1,603|  4,597
  New York                 | 1,240|   539|    71| 1,440|   601|  6,084
  Pennsylvania             |   183|     1|     0|   207|     1|  1,235
  Washington               |    61|     6|     1|    64|     5|      7
  Other sections           |    37|   165|    46|    88|   234|    292
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                |15,496|12,001| 2,810|19,332|17,652| 39,136
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
        LETTUCE.           |      |      |      |      |      |
  California               |   139|    52|   148| 8,386| 5,313|  5,313
  Colorado                 |   102|    80|   108|   214|   116|    124
  Minnesota                |    12|    18|    12|    39|    40|     51
  New York                 |   824|   568|   702| 2,721| 2,008|  2,146
  Oregon                   |    18|     5|     5|    23|     5|      5
  Washington               |   168|    93|   129|   547|   313|    344
  Other sections           |    17|    16|     9| 4,523| 4,052|  4,498
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 1,280|   832| 1,113|16,453|11,847| 12,481
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
        PEACHES.           |      |      |      |      |      |
  California               | 1,581| 1,624| 3,877| 6,810| 7,350|  7,354
  Colorado                 |   573|   708|   554| 1,218|   771|    773
  Idaho                    |    93|    31|    10|   103|    32|     33
  Michigan                 |    65| 2,122|   120|   185| 2,154|  2,275
  New York                 | 1,169| 3,442| 1,650| 2,819| 3,572|  4,697
  Oregon                   |    34|     1|    16|    50|     1|      1
  Utah                     |   616|   402|   207|   820|   374|    401
  Washington               |   750|   188|   353| 1,107|   203|    201
  Other sections           |    40| 2,010|   150|12,855|11,017| 11,258
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 4,921|10,528| 6,937|25,967|25,474| 26,996
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
         ONIONS.           |      |      |      |      |      |
  California               |   700|   753|   315| 1,993| 2,810|  4,403
  Colorado                 |    70|     5|     0|    74|     7|    144
  Idaho                    |    20|     1|     0|    21|     1|     30
  Illinois                 |    63|    33|    41|   118|    66|    357
  Indiana                  |   480|   669|   177|   671|   776|  3,444
  Iowa                     |    69|   224|    99|   245|   525|    865
  Massachusetts            |   571|   619|   194|   894|   815|  3,834
  Michigan                 |    92|    77|     7|   100|    84|    744
  Minnesota                |    53|    25|     1|    60|    25|    276
  New Jersey               |    37|    71|    31|   407|   606|    634
  New York                 |   509|   395|   540| 1,140|   470|  3,037
  Ohio                     |   235|   546|    70|   325|   592|  3,040
  Oregon                   |    64|     1|     1|    67|     2|     17
  Utah                     |    23|     0|     0|    25|     0|      7
  Washington               |    35|    95|   229|   493|   722|    783
  Wisconsin                |    29|    45|     0|    29|    49|    400
  Other sections           |    24|   115|   111| 5,096| 5,794|  6,108
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 3,074| 3,674| 1,816|11,758|13,344| 28,123
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
       SWEET POTATOES.     |      |      |      |      |      |
  Alabama                  |    25|    48|   199|   380|   247|    483
  California               |   196|   123|    50|   254|   193|    695
  Delaware                 |    16|     6|     0|    16|     6|  1,802
  Georgia                  |    31|    53|    22|    56|    80|    899
  Iowa                     |    23|     7|     0|    23|     7|     16
  Louisiana                |    47|    29|    56|   117|    65|    632
  Maryland                 |   159|   216|    62|   236|   228|  1,626
  New Jersey               |   383|   329|    74|   484|   349|  3,092
  North Carolina           |    57|   180|   389|   498|   485|    861
  Oklahoma                 |    22|     6|     0|    23|     6|     75
  Tennessee                |   119|    53|    36|   163|    78|    882
  Texas                    |    89|    61|    46|   147|   106|    604
  Va., Norfolk             |    34|    85|   152|   191|   104|    635
  Va., Eastern Shore       | 1,572| 1,630|   713| 2,353| 1,661|  4,872
  Other sections           |    26|    14|    61|    97|    41|    793
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 2,799| 2,840| 1,860| 5,038| 3,656| 17,967
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
       WATERMELONS.        |      |      |      |      |      |
  Alabama                  |    62|    84|   451| 1,398| 1,160|  1,160
  California               |   339|   351|   979| 3,506| 3,144|  3,276
  Colorado                 |    85|    52|    58|   141|    69|     71
  Delaware                 |   109|    43|   387|   496|   177|    177
  Illinois                 |    97|    99|   212|   311|   251|    251
  Indiana                  |    93|   366|   577|   705|   660|    661
  Iowa                     |   204|   199|   483|   687|   345|    348
  Maryland                 |   146|    82|   599|   759|   458|    458
  Missouri                 |   235|   381| 2,415| 3,089| 3,012|  3,012
  New Jersey               |    85|     9|     0|    85|    10|     10
  Oklahoma                 |    16|    64|   367|   549|   465|    465
  Texas                    |   113|   129|   648| 4,077| 4,844|  4,845
  Virginia                 |    54|    96|   267|   338|   312|    312
  Washington               |    45|    91|    97|   142|   190|    195
  West Virginia            |    16|    41|     4|     4|    47|     47
  Other sections           |    89|    87| 3,891|27,884|23,965| 23,965
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 1,788| 2,174|11,435|44,172|39,109| 39,253
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
       WHITE POTATOES.     |      |      |      |      |      |
  Leading States:          |      |      |      |      |      |
    Calif., N. dist.       |   760| 1,048|   686| 2,106| 3,477|  8,414
    Colorado               | 2,819| 1,939|   911| 3,846| 2,468| 11,321
    Idaho                  | 1,360|   689| 1,938| 3,504| 1,532|  8,097
    Iowa                   |    25|   237|     5|    33|   284|    897
    Maine                  | 4,424| 1,126|   543| 5,122| 1,232| 17,755
    Michigan               |   730|   480|     4|   789|   523| 14,463
    Minnesota              | 4,686| 2,770|   955| 5,930| 4,226| 23,109
    Montana                |   192|    12|    20|   225|    23|    907
    Nebraska               |   891|   338|   429| 1,654|   516|  3,019
    Nevada                 |     3|     0|     0|     4|     1|    405
    N. Y., Long Island     |   881|   899| 1,342| 2,446| 1,302|  5,503
    N. Y., other           | 1,155|    99|    11| 1,256|   104| 10,399
    North Dakota           | 2,085|   115|    14| 2,387|   135|  1,811
    Oregon                 |    21|     0|    99|   124|     8|  1,476
    Pennsylvania           |   390|   331|    63|   467|   351|  6,259
    South Dakota           | 1,035|   242|    15| 1,168|   296|  1,880
    Utah                   |   150|   111|   478|   816|   339|    563
    Washington             |   379|   288|   187|   703|   453|  3,657
    Wisconsin              |   655|   450|    76|   768|   506| 18,154
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                |22,641|11,174| 7,776|33,348|17,806|138,089
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
  Other States, main crop: |      |      |      |      |      |
    Kansas                 |   135|    24| 1,130| 2,371| 1,931|  1,980
    Missouri               |    16|     1|    79|   269|   217|    224
    New Jersey             | 1,627| 6,282| 5,568| 9,215|13,165| 17,138
    Va., Western shore     |    38|    73|    75|   387|   127|    268
    Wyoming                |   168|   114|     4|   200|   125|    523
    Other sections         |    67|   383|   936|23,079|19,526| 22,782
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 2,051| 6,877| 7,792|35,521|35,091| 42,915
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
         Summary.          |      |      |      |      |      |
  Leading States, main crop|22,641|11,174| 7,776|33,348|17,806|138,089
  Other States, main crop  | 2,051| 6,877| 7,792|35,521|35,091| 42,915
  States through shipping  |    15|     6|    71|11,691|12,936| 13,058
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                |24,707|18,057|15,639|80,560|65,833|194,082
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
           PEARS.          |      |      |      |      |      |
  California               |   378|   362| 1,814| 3,568| 4,318|  4,581
  Colorado                 |   321|   248|   335|   687|   494|    604
  Michigan                 |   365|   391|   103|   472|   497|  1,142
  New Jersey               |    17|     3|     2|    19|     4|     35
  New York                 | 1,175| 1,625| 1,044| 2,296| 1,946|  4,127
  Oregon                   |   371|   377|   442|   816|   660|    845
  Utah                     |    11|    49|    19|    30|    70|     75
  Washington               | 1,125|   857| 1,236| 2,401| 1,377|  1,896
  Other sections           |    30|   938|    94|   169| 1,096|  1,875
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 3,793| 4,850| 5,089|10,458|10,462| 15,180
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
        TOMATOES.          |      |      |      |      |      |
  Calif., N. dist.         |    41|   246|    12|   134|   407|    741
  Calif., S. dist.         |   172|   190|    81|   570|   416|    771
  Delaware                 |   153|   121|    19|   173|   147|    153
  Indiana                  |   204|   814|    44|   255|   941|  1,137
  Kentucky                 |   193|   370|   168|   364|   551|    559
  New Jersey               |   808|   671|   236| 1,896| 2,147|  2,346
  New York                 |   715|   501|   321|   973|   590|    849
  Ohio                     |    93|    74|    20|   296|   287|    330
  Utah                     |    65|   197|     4|    69|   220|    251
  Other sections           |    24|   250|    90|10,344| 7,946|  7,999
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 2,468| 3,434|   995|15,074|13,652| 15,136
                           +======+======+======+======+======+=======
      MIXED VEGETABLES.    |      |      |      |      |      |
  Calif., N. dist.         |    50|   101|    65|   694| 1,385|  1,622
  Calif., S. dist.         |   124|   155|   111| 2,610| 3,102|  4,659
  Colorado                 |   305|   354|   157|   644|   726|  1,318
  Michigan                 |    48|     1|    17|    81|     1|     14
  Minnesota                |    14|    10|     8|    37|    49|     68
  New Jersey               |   636|   193|   796| 2,239|   553|    795
  New York                 |    65|    57|    55|   133|    85|    472
  North Carolina           |    13|    13|     8|    29|   100|    184
  Ohio                     |    13|     5|    25|   162|    11|    259
  Utah                     |    12|    16|     2|    15|    34|     52
  Virginia                 |    30|     0|    68|   197|   225|    280
  Other sections           |    13|    42|    68| 5,499| 3,182|  3,561
                           +------+------+------+------+------+-------
      Total                | 1,323|   947| 1,380|12,340| 9,453| 13,284
  -------------------------+------+------+------+------+------+-------

=CARLOAD SHIPMENTS OF CITRUS FRUITS.=

  ---------+--------------------+----------------------------
           |      Florida.      |         California.
           +--------+-----------+--------+-----------+-------
           |Oranges.|Grapefruit.|Oranges.|Grapefruit.|Lemons.
  ---------+--------+-----------+--------+-----------+-------
           |_Cars._ |  _Cars._  |_Cars._ |  _Cars._  |_Cars._
  April    | 1,729  |   1,047   | 6,124  |    25     | 1,120
  May      |   612  |     782   | 5,682  |    32     | 1,461
  June     |    10  |      24   | 5,388  |    43     | 2,213
  July     |   ...  |     ...   | 3,064  |    62     | 1,801
  August   |     1  |     ...   | 2,978  |    45     |   573
  ---------+--------+-----------+--------+-----------+-------


Fruit Prices Firm in New York; Vegetable Prices Dull and Lower.

Prices of apples in barrels continued firm in the New York market
throughout the week from Sept. 26 to Oct. 1, principally on account of
light arrivals of good stock. Prices of boxed stock declined on account
of heavier arrivals, but the trade is still looking for large red stock,
and taking it readily.

Potatoes continued in light demand with very liberal supplies, and
prices gradually declined until Maine Cobblers in 165-lb. sacks reached
$2.75 to $3, with few buyers.

Receipts of good onions were light with prices firm.

Peaches from New York were in light supply and mostly of only fair
condition and poor color. Demand was moderate with good stock selling
readily for $4.50 to $5 a bu.; ordinary and poor stock sold slowly in a
$2 to $4 range.

Sweet potatoes eased off considerably in price. Grapes were dull
throughout the week selling slowly at the lowest figures yet realized.
Cabbage was not in demand and prices gradually declined closing at $30
to $35 per ton for New York domestic. The first car of California
tomatoes arrived on Thursday, but with heavy supplies of nearby stock on
hand, did not sell so readily as was anticipated. The tomatoes were in
excellent condition, with a few slightly overripe. Best lugs sold at
$1.75 to $2 with ripe stock at $1.50, but were not cleaned up and sold
at $1.25 to $1.50 the following day.




_Dairy and Poultry_


DEFINITE IMPORT INFORMATION STEADIES BUTTER MARKET.


Tendency Toward Higher Prices--Danish Butter Has Sentimental Effect on
Market.

Butter trading was on a more confident basis during the week ending Oct.
1 and the markets developed a steadier tone as a result of definite
information regarding the quantities of Danish butter expected to be
available in the near future. The persistent rumors of large shipments
which during the previous week were partly responsible for the unsettled
condition were soon quieted, and operators took a more conservative
attitude. There was less pressure to sell and buyers were inclined to
purchase more freely.

Price changes were small, but there was a general tendency toward a
higher level, advances of ¹⁄₂¢ to 1¢ being registered on all markets on
the finer grades of butter. At times the supply of fancy butter was
somewhat in excess of the demand, but any efforts on the part of the
sellers to get prices down were always met with an active buying demand
from distributors and speculators. It was a good, steady market with
holders usually free sellers and buyers taking immediate requirements
readily at current prices.


MARKET ON UNDERGRADES IMPROVED.

The market for undergrades was somewhat more active. The heavy supply of
last week showed but little if any reduction, and current receipts
consisted largely of undergrade butter. The quality of receipts
generally was reported considerably better during the week and this no
doubt was largely the cause of the improved market in undergrades. More
interest was shown in undergrades by buyers who bought for immediate
needs or who got such price concessions as to make their purchases
bargains, but as a rule dealers found it impossible to move all their
undergrades even at large price reductions.

Receipts for the week show but little change from previous weeks. It was
generally expected that production would gradually decrease in spite of
the fact that conditions for a good fall production have been favorable.
Hence, the latest available report from the American Association of
Creamery Butter Manufacturers showing an increase of 9.8% over last year
and an increase of 0.44% over the previous week came as a surprise. The
storage holdings for the four markets showed a marked decrease during
the week. The decrease was most pronounced at Chicago, indicating a
movement of storage butter from there to other markets.

The S. S. _Frederick VIII_ arrived during the week, carrying a cargo of
1,250 casks of Danish butter, which did not become available until
Friday. Part of this butter was reported sold at prices ranging from
44³⁄₄¢ to 45¹⁄₂¢, depending upon the size of the lot. The S. S.
_Heligolav_ and _Drottingholm_ now afloat with combined cargoes
estimated at between 3,000 and 4,000 casks. The _Oscar II_, which sailed
from Copenhagen on Sept. 30, is also expected to carry some butter. The
effect of the Danish butter on the markets has been largely sentimental,
causing operators to act somewhat more conservatively.

=WHOLESALE PRICES OF BUTTER AND CHEESE FOR WEEK ENDING OCT. 1.=

[Cents per pound.]

  ----------------+-----------+-----------+---------+--------+--------
     CREAMERY     |    New    |  Chicago. |Philadel-| Boston.|  San
      BUTTER      |   York.   |           |  phia.  |        |Francis-
    (92 score).   |           |           |         |        |  co.
  ----------------+-----------+-----------+---------+--------+--------
  Monday          |    44     |    43     |  45     |  44    |  44¹⁄₂
  Tuesday         |    44     |    43     |  45     |  44    |  44³⁄₄
  Wednesday       |    44     |    43     |  45     |  45    |  44³⁄₄
  Thursday        |    44     |    43³⁄₄  |  45     |  45    |  45
  Friday          |    44     |    44     |  45     |  45    |  45¹⁄₄
  Saturday        |    44¹⁄₂  |    44     |  45     |  45    |  45
                  +-----------+-----------+---------+--------+--------
  Average for week|    44.08  |    43.46  |  45.00  |  44.67 |  44.87
  Previous week   |    44.00  |    42.50  |  44.58  |  44.33 |  43.71
  Corresponding   |           |           |         |        |
    week last year|    60.91  |    58.50  |  60.83  |  60.58 |  63.04
  ================+===========+===========+=========+========+========
     AMERICAN     |    New    |  Chicago. | Boston. |  San   | Wiscon-
      CHEESE.     |   York.   |           |         |Francis-|   sin.
    (No. 1 fresh  |           |           |         | co.[1] |
       twins.)    |           |           |         |        |
  ----------------+-----------+-----------+---------+--------+--------
  Monday          |20¹⁄₂-21¹⁄₂|19³⁄₄-20¹⁄₂| 22-23   |  21¹⁄₄ |  19¹⁄₂
  Tuesday         |20¹⁄₂-21¹⁄₂|19³⁄₄-20¹⁄₂| 22-23   |  20³⁄₄ |  20¹⁄₂
  Wednesday       |20¹⁄₂-21¹⁄₂|19³⁄₄-20¹⁄₂| 22-22¹⁄₂|  20³⁄₄ |  19³⁄₄
  Thursday        |20¹⁄₂-21¹⁄₂|19³⁄₄-20¹⁄₂| 22-22¹⁄₂|  20³⁄₄ |  19³⁄₄
  Friday          |20¹⁄₂-21¹⁄₂|19³⁄₄-20¹⁄₂| 22-22¹⁄₂|  20³⁄₄ |  19⁵⁄₈
  Saturday        |20¹⁄₂-21¹⁄₂|19³⁄₄-20¹⁄₂| 22-22¹⁄₂|  20³⁄₄ |  20
                  +-----------+-----------+---------+--------+--------
  Average for week|   21.00   |   20.13   |  22.33  |  20.83 |  19.85
  Previous week   |   20.87   |   20.00   |  21.42  |  21.29 |  19.58
  Corresponding   |           |           |         |        |
  week last year  |   27.63   |   26.56   |  29.91  |  33.25 |  26.46
  ----------------+-----------+-----------+---------+--------+--------

  [1] Flats.

=Wholesale Prices of Centralized Butter (90 score) at Chicago.=

[Cents per pound.]

  Monday       37
  Tuesday      37³⁄₄
  Wednesday    37³⁄₄
  Thursday     38¹⁄₄
  Friday       38¹⁄₂
  Saturday     38¹⁄₂

      Average  37.96

=MOVEMENT AT FIVE MARKETS.=

[New York, Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, and San Francisco.]

  ---------------------------+-----------+-----------+-----------
                             |   Week    |  Previous |
                             |  ending   |    week.  | Last year.
                             |  Oct. 1.  |           |
  ---------------------------+-----------+-----------+-----------
           BUTTER.           | _Pounds._ | _Pounds._ | _Pounds._
  Receipts for week          | 10,710,039| 11,088,542|  9,012,825
  Receipts since Jan. 1      |448,180,161|437,470,122|397,422,337
  Put into cold storage      |  1,561,618|  2,554,239|  2,424,626
  Withdrawn from cold storage|  2,565,222|  2,667,180|  1,976,443
  Change during week         | -1,003,604|   -112,941|   +448,183
  Total holdings             | 57,426,751| 58,430,355| 67,411,182
                             +-----------+-----------+-----------
            CHEESE.          |           |           |
  Receipts for week          |  3,417,635|  3,868,809|  3,008,890
  Receipts since Jan. 1      |141,117,659|137,700,024|130,569,677
  Put into cold storage      |  1,193,333|  1,153,107|    821,381
  Withdrawn from cold storage|  1,840,048|  1,364,127|  1,109,790
  Change during week         |   -646,715|   -211,020|   -288,409
  Total holdings             | 17,006,483| 17,653,198| 19,401,542
                             +-----------+-----------+-----------
       DRESSED POULTRY.      |           |           |
  Receipts for week          |  4,180,468|  4,190,630|  3,097,825
  Receipts since Jan. 1      |125,584,081|121,403,613|119,319,585
  Put into cold storage      |  1,763,783|  1,645,312|  1,748,540
  Withdrawn from cold storage|  1,086,169|    974,956|  1,303,010
  Change during week         |   +677,614|   +670,356|   +445,530
  Total holdings             | 18,302,642| 17,625,028| 15,835,021
                             +-----------+-----------+-----------
             EGGS.           |  _Cases._ |  _Cases._ |  _Cases._
  Receipts for week          |    208,045|    198,651|    178,819
  Receipts since Jan. 1      | 13,319,676| 13,111,631| 11,834,417
  Put into cold storage      |     17,305|     19,475|     32,480
  Withdrawn from cold storage|    168,670|    139,781|    166,123
  Change during week         |   -151,365|   -120,306|   -133,643
  Total holdings             |  3,134,054|  3,285,419|  2,589,382
  ---------------------------+-----------+-----------+-----------


Dried and Frozen Egg Shipment Arrives From China.

Thirteen thousand six hundred and forty-three cases of frozen eggs
weighing 1,200,564 lbs., also 448 cases of dried eggs weighing 48,800
lbs., were unloaded from the British steamship _Gothicstar_ from China
at San Francisco Sept. 15. The shipment is one of the largest ever
received in this country.

On Sept. 19 the _Gothicstar_ sailed for New York with a cargo of 59,108
cases of frozen eggs and 6,190 cases of dried eggs.


CHEESE MARKETS BECOME STEADY UNDER IMPROVED DEMAND.


Southern Buying Materially Increased--Considerable Quantities of
Canadian Cheese Bought.

The tone of cheese markets was at least steady during the week ending
Oct. 1, although prices which prevailed in Wisconsin during the week
suggested a somewhat unsettled feeling. Prices on Wisconsin cheese
boards advanced again Sept. 28, although the advances were for the most
part small and were confined to the larger styles. Some dealers quoted
prices representing very close margins, and this probably accounted for
more or less variation in f. o. b. selling prices on different days of
the week.

Daisies and Twins were good sellers throughout the week, Longhorns being
the only style which was especially slow. Buying in the South showed a
material increase. There was also considerable inquiry from southern
buyers. Practically all of the southern business went direct to
Wisconsin rather than through distributing market dealers.


RETAIL DEMAND INCREASED.

The very low prices quoted by Canadian dealers and the resulting sales
had a noticeable effect in distributing markets. Goods from Canada at
prices around 17¹⁄₄¢ to 18¢ delivered at New York looked so attractive
to a number of buyers who anticipate heavier export demand later in the
season, that considerable quantities were purchased. Only a small
quantity of this cheese has actually been imported as yet, according to
current reports, the bulk of it remaining in Canadian storages. The
large Canadian Cheddars are not entirely suitable for our domestic
trade, although in some markets certain dealers split them. They are
used successfully, however, for grinding purposes and to some extent for
making the small loaf cheese which has come into prominence the past
season.

Retail distribution of cheese received an impetus during the week on
account of the especially low retail prices advertised by large
retailers, principally chain-store operators, in several eastern cities.
Prices were reported as having been as low as 21¢ for cheese of good
quality.

=IMPORTS OF WOOL DURING AUGUST.=

  ---------------+---------+--------+-------------------+----------
                 | Class 1.|Class 2.|     Class 3.      |
                 | Washed  |Hair of +----------+--------+
  Imported from--|  and    |Angora  |  Washed  |        |   Total.
                 |unwashed.|goat and|   and    |Scoured.|
                 |         |alpaca. | unwashed.|        |
  ---------------+---------+--------+----------+--------+------------
                 | _Lbs._  | _Lbs._ |  _Lbs._  | _Lbs._ |   _Lbs._
  Belgium        |    ...  |   ...  |    71,827|  ...   |      71,827
  Czechoslovakia |    ...  |   ...  |    39,401|  ...   |      39,401
  France         |    ...  |   ...  |   244,723|  ...   |     244,723
  Germany        |    ...  |   ...  |   138,245|  ...   |     138,245
  Italy          |    ...  |   ...  |   438,731|  ...   |     438,731
  Switzerland    |    ...  |   ...  |    65,264|  ...   |      65,264
  England        |   10,700|   ...  | 2,411,684|  4,568 |   2,426,952
  Scotland       |    ...  |   ...  |   866,950|  ...   |     866,950
  Canada         |      844|   ...  |     ...  |  ...   |         844
  Argentina      |3,180,672|   ...  |   421,529| 33,981 |[1]3,637,031
  Peru           |    ...  |   4,689|     ...  |  ...   |       4,689
  Uruguay        |  469,217|   ...  |     ...  |  ...   |     469,217
  China          |   53,444|  26,026| 6,118,041|  ...   |   6,197,511
  British India  |    ...  |   ...  |   451,018|  ...   |     451,018
  Australia      |  184,441|   ...  |     ...  |  ...   |     184,441
  New Zealand    |  268,175|   ...  |     ...  |  ...   |     268,175
  British South  |         |        |          |        |
  Africa         |   55,087|  44,344|     7,802| 51,727 |  [2]360,065
  Other countries|      660|   ...  |     1,000|  ...   |       1,660
                 +---------+--------+----------+--------+------------
      Total      |4,223,240|  75,059|11,276,215| 90,276 |  15,866,744
  ---------------+---------+--------+----------+--------+------------

  [1] Includes 849 lbs. of scoured wool, class 1.

  [2] Includes 201,105 lbs. of scoured wool, class 1.




_Grain and Seeds_


WHEAT AND CORN FUTURES DROP STEADILY IN PRICE.


Cash Premiums Strengthen in all Markets Except Minneapolis--Flour is
Imported.

The wheat market closed lower every day except two during the week
ending Monday, Oct. 3, and the net decline in the different markets was
6¢ to 10¹⁄₂¢ for the December future and 5¢ to 8¹⁄₂¢ for the May future.
Corn was influenced by wheat and followed the fluctuations of the
latter. The net loss in corn was 2¢ for the December future and 1¢ for
the May future. Corn touched the lowest prices for the crop on Oct. 3.
The September futures “went out” on the last day of September and except
at Minneapolis, owing to local conditions in that market, at the low
point for most September futures since early in July.

Closing prices of the September futures were: Chicago September wheat
$1.16¹⁄₈, September corn 47¢; Minneapolis September wheat $1.41¹⁄₄;
Kansas City September wheat $1.10. At Minneapolis, September wheat
closed at 7¢ over December on the last day of September, owing to a
strong milling demand for choice wheat.

The declines recorded in the December futures in the different markets
during the week were: Chicago December wheat 6¹⁄₄¢ and December corn 2¢;
Minneapolis December wheat 10¹⁄₂¢, Kansas City 6¢, and Winnipeg 8³⁄₄¢.
The May futures recorded the following declines: Chicago May wheat 5¢,
May corn 1¢; Minneapolis May wheat 8¢; Kansas City 5¹⁄₄¢; and Winnipeg
8¹⁄₂¢.

Closing prices on Oct. 3 were: Chicago December wheat $1.18³⁄₈, December
corn 49⁵⁄₈¢; Minneapolis December wheat $1.28¹⁄₂; Kansas City $1.10¹⁄₄;
and Winnipeg $1.22¹⁄₄. The May futures closed as follows: Chicago May
wheat $1.23³⁄₈, May corn 55¹⁄₄¢; Minneapolis May wheat $1.29¹⁄₂; Kansas
City $1.15; and Winnipeg $1.27.


FLOUR IMPORTS FROM CANADA.

There were several important developments in the general situation. One
of these was a report from New York that 20,000 bbls. of Canadian flour
had been bought to come to that market. This, of course, had a
depressing influence on wheat prices. During August 3,700 bbls. of flour
and 239,000 bus. of wheat were imported from Canada. This was for
domestic consumption and not for re-export at American ports. Another
bearish development of the week was a report that Hard Winter wheat on
passage for Europe had been sold at 11¢ under the price at which it
could be replaced. It was also reported that Hard Winter wheat was being
resold in London at 5¢ under the replacement cost.

All of the news was not bearish, however. A message from the Pacific
coast early in the week reported that 12,000,000 to 15,000,000 bus. of
Pacific coast wheat were under contract for shipment to the Orient.
Also, on Oct. 3 a message reported an additional 1,250,000 bus. of wheat
sold to Japan. The impression appears to be growing in the grain trade
that the United States has probably already sold for export all the
wheat that can be spared and that there will be a scarcity later in the
season unless there are liberal importations from Canada.

There were some changes in the cash wheat markets. At Chicago a good
demand developed for No. 2 Red Winter and supplies of that kind of wheat
were scarce. The premium over the December strengthened and on Oct. 3
was 5¢ to 6¢. At the same time No. 2 Hard Winter sold at ¹⁄₄¢ to 1¢ over
December. Receipts of wheat showed a decreasing tendency at Kansas City
and the premium strengthened. On Oct. 3, No. 2 Dark Hard Winter sold at
11¢ over Kansas City December, as compared with 7¢ over on Sept. 26.
During the week Kansas City December wheat declined 6¢ to $1.10¹⁄₄. No.
2 Dark Hard at 11¢ over December sold at $1.21¹⁄₄ as compared with
$1.23¹⁄₄ on Sept. 26. That is, cash wheat on Oct. 3 was only 2¢ lower
than on Sept. 26. while the December future was 6¢ lower.

=GRAIN PRICES.=

=Daily Average of Cash Sales at Certain Markets, Week Ending Friday,
Sept. 30.=

[Cents per bushel.]

                                  WHEAT.
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
                          | Sat. | Mon. |   Tue.  | Wed. | Thr. | Fri.
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
      CHICAGO.            |      |      |         |      |      |
  Dark Nor. Spg.     No. 3|145   | ...  |   145   | ...  | ...  |144
                     No. 4|134¹⁄₂| ...  |   140   | ...  | ...  |140
  Hard Winter        No. 2|126¹⁄₂|121¹⁄₂|   124   |122   | ...  | ...
  Yellow Hard Winter No. 2| ...  |122¹⁄₄|   120   | ...  | ...  |117¹⁄₂
                     No. 3|122¹⁄₂|120³⁄₄|   118¹⁄₂| ...  | ...  | ...
  Red Winter         No. 2| ...  | ...  |   124¹⁄₂| ...  | ...  |126
      MINNEAPOLIS.        |      |      |         |      |      |
  Dark Nor. Spg.     No. 1|160   |159   |   158   |155   |154   |155
                     No. 2|157   |155   |   153   |152   |148   |151
                     No. 3|151   |148   |   148   |146   |142   |144
                     No. 4|143   |140   |   139   |138   |134   |135
  Nor. Spg.          No. 1|153   |152   |   150   |149   |149   |150
                     No. 2|145   | ...  |   148   |147   |144   |146
                     No. 3| ...  |142   |   137   |137   |132   |137
                     No. 4|136   |135   |   134   |128   |130   |125
      KANSAS CITY.        |      |      |         |      |      |
  Dark Hrd. Wir.     No. 1| ...  | ...  |   133   |127¹⁄₂|120   |124
                     No. 2|133³⁄₄|134³⁄₄|   131¹⁄₄|129³⁄₄|126⁷⁄₈|130
                     No. 3|129³⁄₄|132³⁄₈|   133   |126⁵⁄₈|122³⁄₄|126
                     No. 4|127   | ...  |   130   |124   | ... |124
  Hard Winter        No. 1|122   |118³⁄₄|   120¹⁄₄|117³⁄₈|119¹⁄₂|122¹⁄₂
                     No. 2|122¹⁄₂|121⁵⁄₈|   122⁵⁄₈|119   |119³⁄₈|119¹⁄₄
                     No. 3|120¹⁄₄|123³⁄₄|   121³⁄₄|120   |118¹⁄₂|117⁷⁄₈
                     No. 4| ...  |118   |   118⁵⁄₈| ...  |116⁵⁄₈|115³⁄₄
  Yellow Hard Winter No. 2|119   |117   |   115¹⁄₂|113⁵⁄₈| ...  | ...
  Red Winter         No. 2| ...  |132   |   130   |130   |128   | ...
                     No. 3| ...  |127   |   125³⁄₈|123   |120   |120
                     No. 4| ...  |110   |   111⁵⁄₈|113¹⁄₂|112   | ...
      OMAHA.              |      |      |         |      |      |
  Dark Hrd. Wir.     No. 2| ...  |122   |   120   | ...  |118   |
  Hard Winter        No. 1|118³⁄₈|116   |   116   |116   |114³⁄₈|113¹⁄₂
                     No. 2|118³⁄₄|116¹⁄₄|   114¹⁄₈|114³⁄₄|113³⁄₈|112¹⁄₂
                     No. 3|117   |118   |    ...  |115   |111³⁄₄|111
  Yellow Hard Winter No. 2|115   |115   |   133   |112¹⁄₄|112³⁄₈|112¹⁄₄
                     No. 3|113   |112   |   110³⁄₄|110   |110⁵⁄₈|111
                     No. 4| ...  |111   |   109¹⁄₂| ...  | ...  |109
      ST. LOUIS.          |      |      |         |      |      |
  Red Winter         No. 2|139⁵⁄₈|137¹⁄₄|   136   |133³⁄₄|133¹⁄₄|135¹⁄₈
                     No. 3|130⁷⁄₈|130⁷⁄₈|[1]129   |126³⁄₄|124¹⁄₄|129³⁄₄
                     No. 4|127   |125   |[1]121   |116¹⁄₄|113¹⁄₂|116¹⁄₂
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
                                  CORN.
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
      CHICAGO.            |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 1| 53³⁄₄| 52³⁄₄|    51³⁄₄| 50¹⁄₄| 49   | 48¹⁄₄
                     No. 2| 53³⁄₄| 52³⁄₄|    51³⁄₄| 50¹⁄₄| 48³⁄₄| 48¹⁄₄
                     No. 3| 53¹⁄₄| 51³⁄₄|    51   | ...  | ...  | 48
  Yellow             No. 1| 54   | 52³⁄₄|    51³⁄₄| 50³⁄₄| 49³⁄₄| 48¹⁄₂
                     No. 2| 53³⁄₄| 52³⁄₄|    51³⁄₄| 50³⁄₄| 49¹⁄₄| 48¹⁄₂
                     No. 3| 53¹⁄₄| 52¹⁄₄|    51¹⁄₂| 50¹⁄₄| 48³⁄₄| 47³⁄₄
  Mixed              No. 1| 53³⁄₄| 52³⁄₄|    51¹⁄₂| 50   | 48³⁄₄| 48¹⁄₄
                     No. 2| 53¹⁄₂| 52¹⁄₂|    51¹⁄₂| 50   | 48³⁄₄| 48¹⁄₄
                     No. 3| 53¹⁄₄| 52¹⁄₄|    51   | ...  | 48¹⁄₂| 47³⁄₄
                     No. 4| ...  | ...  |    50³⁄₄| ...  | 48   | 47¹⁄₄
      MINNEAPOLIS.        |      |      |         |      |      |
  Yellow             No. 1| 47   | 46¹⁄₄|    45¹⁄₄| 44¹⁄₂| 43¹⁄₂| 42³⁄₄
                     No. 2| 47   | 46¹⁄₂|    45   | 44   | 42¹⁄₂| 43
      KANSAS CITY.        |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 1| ...  | 46¹⁄₂|    46¹⁄₂| ...  | 45   | 43¹⁄₂
                     No. 2| 46³⁄₄| 46   |    46¹⁄₄| ...  | ...  | 43³⁄₄
  Yellow             No. 1| 47   | 45³⁄₄|    45³⁄₄| 46   | 45¹⁄₂| 44
                     No. 2| 46¹⁄₂| 45¹⁄₈|    45¹⁄₂| 45   | 45   | 44
  Mixed              No. 2| 43¹⁄₂| 43³⁄₈|    ...  | ...  | ...  | 40¹⁄₂
      OMAHA.              |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 1| 42¹⁄₂| 42¹⁄₈|    41³⁄₄| 40¹⁄₂| 39¹⁄₂| 38¹⁄₂
                     No. 2| 42¹⁄₂| 42¹⁄₂|    ...  | 40   | 40   | 38¹⁄₂
  Yellow             No. 1| 42⁵⁄₈| 42   |    41¹⁄₂| 40¹⁄₂| 39¹⁄₂| 38³⁄₄
                     No. 2| 42⁵⁄₈| 42   |    41¹⁄₂| 40¹⁄₂| ...  | 38⁷⁄₈
                     No. 3| 43¹⁄₂| ...  |    ...  | 40¹⁄₄| ...  | 38¹⁄₂
  Mixed              No. 1| 41¹⁄₂| 41¹⁄₄|    41   | 40   | 39⁷⁄₈| 38⁵⁄₈
                     No. 2| 41⁷⁄₈| 41   |    41   | 40   | 39¹⁄₄| 38⁵⁄₈
      ST. LOUIS.          |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 1| ...  | 50⁷⁄₈|    50¹⁄₂| 48⁷⁄₈| 48   | 33¹⁄₄
                     No. 2| 52¹⁄₂| 51   |    50   | 48³⁄₄| 48   | 33¹⁄₄
                     No. 4| ...  | 49   |    ...  | 44   | 44   | ...
  Yellow             No. 1| 52¹⁄₈| 50⁵⁄₈| [1]50¹⁄₂| 49¹⁄₈| 48   | 47¹⁄₂
                     No. 2| 52   | 50⁵⁄₈|    50   | 49   | 48   | 47¹⁄₄
                     No. 3| 51¹⁄₂| 50   |    49   | ...  | 47   | 46¹⁄₂
                     No. 4| 50   | ...  |    48¹⁄₂| ...  | ...  | 45¹⁄₂
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
                                  OATS.
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
      CHICAGO.            |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 2| 37   | 36¹⁄₂|    36¹⁄₄| 37   | 35   | 35
                     No. 3| 34¹⁄₂| 34   |    33¹⁄₂| 32³⁄₄| 32³⁄₄| 33
                     No. 4| 33³⁄₄| 33   |    32³⁄₄| 32   | 31³⁄₄| 32¹⁄₄
      MINNEAPOLIS.        |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 2| 34¹⁄₂| 33³⁄₄|    33   | 32¹⁄₄| 32   | 32¹⁄₂
                     No. 3| 33¹⁄₄| 32¹⁄₂|    32   | 31¹⁄₄| 31   | 31
                     No. 4| 32¹⁄₂| 31¹⁄₂|    31   | 31¹⁄₄| 31   | 30¹⁄₂
      KANSAS CITY.        |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 3| 35⁵⁄₈| 35³⁄₈|    34³⁄₈| 33¹⁄₂| 33⁵⁄₈| 33³⁄₈
                     No. 4| ...  | 34¹⁄₂|    33³⁄₈| ...  | 33¹⁄₄| ...
      OMAHA.              |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 3| 31³⁄₄| 31¹⁄₄|    30⁷⁄₈| 29⁷⁄₈| 30   | 30
                     No. 4| 31   | 30¹⁄₂|    30   | 29¹⁄₂| 29¹⁄₂| 29¹⁄₂
      ST. LOUIS.          |      |      |         |      |      |
  White              No. 2| ...  | 37¹⁄₂| [1]37¹⁄₂| 35³⁄₄| 35¹⁄₄| ...
                     No. 3| 36¹⁄₈| 36¹⁄₂| [1]36   | 34¹⁄₂| 34¹⁄₂| 34¹⁄₄
                     No. 4| 35   | 34³⁄₄|    34¹⁄₂| 33³⁄₄| 33³⁄₄| 33¹⁄₂
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
                                  RYE.
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
      CHICAGO.            |      |      |         |      |      |
  No. 2                   |104¹⁄₂|102   |   100³⁄₄|100¹⁄₄| 99   | ...
      MINNEAPOLIS.        |      |      |         |      |      |
  Western            No. 2| 99   | 97¹⁄₂|    96   | 94¹⁄₂| 93   | 92
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
                   Daily Closing Prices of Futures.
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------
      CHICAGO.            |      |      |         |      |      |
  Wheat              Sept.|123¹⁄₂|121¹⁄₂|   119¹⁄₂|117¹⁄₄|118¹⁄₄|116
                     Dec. |126   |126¹⁄₂|   123¹⁄₄|120⁷⁄₈|123   |120³⁄₄
  Corn               Sept.| 52¹⁄₄| 51   |    50⁷⁄₈| 49   | 48¹⁄₂| 47
                     Dec. | 52³⁄₈| 51³⁄₄|    51³⁄₈| 50¹⁄₈| 50   | 49⁵⁄₈
  Oats               Sept.| 35   | 34³⁄₈|    34   | 33³⁄₈| 33¹⁄₄| 32¹⁄₂
                     Dec. | 37³⁄₄| 37¹⁄₄|    37¹⁄₂| 36³⁄₈| 36⁵⁄₈| 36³⁄₈
      KANSAS CITY.        |      |      |         |      |      |
  Wheat              Sept.|116   |114   |   112¹⁄₂|111   |110³⁄₄|110
                     Dec. |117³⁄₄|116¹⁄₄|   115¹⁄₈|113¹⁄₈|114³⁄₄|112
                     May  |121³⁄₄|120¹⁄₄|   119⁵⁄₈|117³⁄₄|119³⁄₈|117¹⁄₈
  Corn               Sept.| 42⁷⁄₈| 42¹⁄₂|    41¹⁄₄| 40¹⁄₂| 39⁵⁄₈| 39
                     Dec. | 44¹⁄₂| 43⁵⁄₈|    43¹⁄₄| 42¹⁄₈| 41⁷⁄₈| 41¹⁄₄
                     May  | 48³⁄₄| 48   |    47⁷⁄₈| 46⁷⁄₈| 46⁷⁄₈| 46³⁄₈
  Oats               Sept.| 34   | 34   |    34   | 34   | 34   | 33³⁄₄
                     Dec. | 35¹⁄₂| 35   |    34³⁄₄| 34   | 34   | 33⁵⁄₈
  ------------------------+------+------+---------+------+------+------

  [1] Common average.

Cash wheat at Minneapolis declined 2¢ to 5¢ for No. 1 Dark Northern, and
4¢ for No. 2, more than the December future declined. On Oct. 3, No. 1
Dark Northern sold at 10¢ to 18¢ over Minneapolis December and No. 2 at
6¢ to 12¢ over. The weakness in the cash market at Minneapolis was
caused by a poor flour demand and increasing receipts of spring wheat.
Reports from Minneapolis for some time past have reflected a very poor
demand for flour.

The visible supply statement issued on Oct. 3 showed an increase of
1,636,000 bus. of wheat for the week. The total on that date was
52,795,000 bus. compared with 27,391,000 a year ago. The supply
statement also showed a decrease of 726,000 bus. of corn for the week,
making the total 11,765,000 compared with 7,587,000 a year ago. In the
Chicago market on Oct. 3 No. 2 Mixed corn sold at 2¢ to 2¹⁄₄¢ under
December and No. 2 Yellow at 1³⁄₄¢ to 2¢ under.

=GRAIN EXPORTS.=

=Wheat Inspected Out Under American Grades Only--Flour Not Included.=

[Thousands of bushels: i. e., 000 omitted.]

  ------------------------------+------+-----+-----+-------+------
                                |Wheat.|Corn.|Oats.|Barley.| Rye.
  ------------------------------+------+-----+-----+-------+------
  Week ending Oct. 1:           |      |     |     |       |
    Atlantic ports[1]           | 2,061|  157| ... |   101 |   214
    Gulf ports[2]               | 2,330|  158|    9|  ...  |  ...
    Pacific ports[3]            | 1,149| ... | ... |   483 |  ...
                                +------+-----+-----+-------+------
      Total                     | 5,540|  315|    9|   584 |   214
  Previous week                 | 4,379|  193|   12| 2,031 |   186
  Corresponding week last year  | 7,417| ... |   67|   104 |   623
  Total, July 1 to Oct. 1, 1921 |85,223|6,581|  344|11,357 | 2,528
  Corresponding period last year|83,750|   97|2,057| 5,545 |11,469
  ------------------------------+------+-----+-----+-------+------

  [1] Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Portland, Me., and
  Newport News.

  [2] New Orleans, Galveston, Texas City, and Port Arthur, Tex.

  [3] Seattle, Tacoma, Astoria, Portland, Oreg., and San Francisco.

[Illustration: AVERAGE PRICES PER BUSHEL OF CERTAIN GRADES OF WHEAT,
CORN, AND OATS AT FOUR MARKETS.]


Ocean Freight Rates on Grain and Flour Reduced.

A new schedule of grain rates for the North Atlantic service has been
announced by the Shipping Board, as the outcome of a joint conference of
shipping companies recently held in New York. The old and new rates on
wheat and corn per 100 lbs. from North Atlantic ports are as follows:

--------------+---------+----------
     To--     |Old rate.| New rate.
--------------+---------+----------
              |_Cents._ | _Cents._
United Kingdom|   21    |    17
Antwerp       |   22¹⁄₂ |    16¹⁄₂
Hamburg       |   22¹⁄₂ |    18
--------------+---------+----------

Wheat flour, which takes a differential of 55¢ per 100 lbs., will be
subject to a corresponding reduction, making the new rates on flour per
100 lbs. as follows: To the United Kingdom, 22¢; to Antwerp, 21¢; and to
Hamburg, 23¢.


Bulk of White Clover Seed Already Sold.

Growers in southern Wisconsin had disposed of 80% of their crop of white
clover seed by the end of September. The prevailing prices ranging from
$30 to $40 per 100 lbs. have been fairly satisfactory to growers. The
quality of the seed varies in different localities but probably averages
about the same as or slightly inferior to that of last year because more
of it is reported mixed with alsike and timothy.

The imports of white clover seed, principally from Germany, have tended
to stabilize prices for the short crop of American seed. From July 1 to
Sept. 30 there was permitted entry 538,600 lbs. and none for the same
period last year.


Timothy Seed Exports to Europe.

Exports of timothy seed from New York during the two weeks ending Oct.
1, were 550,000 lbs. to Great Britain, 75,000 lbs. to Denmark, 40,000
lbs. to Germany, and 20,000 lbs. to Holland. Exports of Kentucky
bluegrass from New York and Baltimore were 21,000 lbs. to Holland,
28,000 lbs. to Great Britain, and 16,500 lbs. to Germany.

The arrivals of imported seed at New York and Baltimore during the same
period were: Alfalfa, 425,000 lbs. from Argentina; red clover, 113,000
lbs. from Germany, 92,000 lbs. from France, and 44,000 lbs. from Chile;
white clover, 22,000 lbs. from Denmark and 11,000 lbs. from Holland;
crimson clover, 105,000 lbs. from Germany; orchard grass, 179,000 lbs.
from Denmark, 121,000 lbs. from Germany, and 45,000 lbs. from Holland;
sunflower, 560,000 lbs. and canary, 128,000 lbs. from Argentina; rape,
187,000 lbs. from Holland and 44,000 lbs. from France; vetch, 57,000
lbs. from Sweden and 11,600 lbs. from Germany; rye grass, 22,000 lbs.
from Great Britain; and grass (kind not specified) 123,000 lbs. from
Argentina.


Egypt May Control Sowing of Cotton Seed.

The Government of Egypt is now considering a plan whereby it will assume
control over all cotton seed used for planting purposes to preserve the
standard varieties in a state of purity and to facilitate the
propagation of new varieties under the most favorable conditions.

The history of the cotton industry in Egypt shows that a great number of
cotton varieties have been planted which after a period of commercial
popularity have almost disappeared from cultivation. Under the plan now
being proposed no private person or firm will be permitted to engage in
the selection or production of new varieties or strains of cotton unless
licensed to do so, and even then not more than 200 acres may be devoted
to the experiment. The area to be so planted must furthermore first
undergo a field test for at least two years under the direction of the
ministry of agriculture.

If the experiment proves satisfactory the seed obtained from the new
variety or strain will be propagated and distributed by the Government
under the name registered by the original producer. The Government will
allow the producer a royalty on all seed used or sold for planting
purposes, but will reserve the right to limit the rate of, or to
discontinue entirely, its propagation.

Further information on this proposed control plan may be obtained upon
request to the Bureau of Markets and Crop Estimates, Washington, D. C.

       *       *       *       *       *

=The economic importance of seeds= is perhaps greater than that of any
other farm commodity. Seeds are potential plants. Practically all staple
foods are derived, either directly or indirectly, from plants. A
shortage of seed in any country or section of a country may mean a
shortage of food. The commercial supply of seeds in the United States
safeguards every section of this country against a deficiency in the
necessary requirements for planting annually and indirectly helps to
maintain the stocks of food at uniform levels.

       *       *       *       *       *

=The best commercial grades= of red clover, alfalfa, and timothy seed
test 99.5% or better in purity.




_Hay and Feed_


HAY PRICES REGISTER ADVANCE IN NEW YORK MARKET.


Prices in Most Markets Unchanged Under Continued Light Receipts--Demand
for Top Grades Only.

A continued light movement of hay to market prevailed during the week
ending Oct. 1 and with the exception of one or two markets prices were
but little changed from the preceding week.

The average price of No. 1 timothy at the principal timothy markets is
now about $23.50 per ton, with the alfalfa average price about $22.75.
This is $10 less per ton for both kinds than the prevailing average
price Oct. 1, 1920. There is a fair local demand in limited quantities
for the better grades of hay but scarcely any shipping demand and the
lower grades are neglected. Good pastures and large local supplies of
forage are important factors and will probably curtail demand for some
time.

Receipts at nine of the important hay markets were practically the same
as for the preceding week and totaled only a little over 1,000 cars
compared with over 2,000 cars in the same markets at the corresponding
time last year. The following table gives receipts of hay in several
important markets for the weeks ending Sept. 24 and Oct. 1, 1921, and
Oct. 2, 1920.

  --------------------+------------------+--------
                      |     1921         |  1920
    Cities.           +------------------+--------
                      |Oct. 1.| Sept. 24.| Oct. 2.
  --------------------+-------+----------+--------
  New York            |    73 |     164  |    359
  Pittsburgh          |    50 |      55  |    186
  Cincinnati          |    93 |      66  |    219
  Chicago             |   184 |     195  |    207
  Minneapolis-St. Paul|    67 |      36  |     18
  St. Louis           |   152 |     105  |    215
  Kansas City         |   189 |     139  |  1,019
  San Francisco       |    78 |     107  |   ...
  Los Angeles         |   144 |     150  |     78
  --------------------+-------+----------+--------


TIMOTHY UP $4 AT NEW YORK.

_Timothy._--Very light receipts of timothy at New York and efforts on
the part of dealers to replenish their light stocks from the small
quantity of hay arriving caused prices to advance $4 per ton during the
week in that market. Buying was restricted, however, by the higher
prices. Other eastern markets were practically unchanged. Good hay is
scarce but equal to the light demand.

Prices at both the Pittsburgh and Cincinnati markets advanced $1 during
the week, but the advance at Cincinnati was lost on Saturday because of
a lack of support from shippers. Light receipts were almost entirely
responsible for the firm market tone both at Chicago and St. Louis, as
the demand was not large and was confined principally to local needs. At
Chicago cars of choice hay in small bales sold at premiums of $1 to $2
over current quotations. Receipts on the North side increased and those
on the South side decreased, so that the premium at which hay sold on
the North side tracks last week was reduced about $1 per ton.

There was very little activity in the southern markets during the week.
Stocks are light, but buying is only for the light local demand.
Richmond reports a good demand for No. 1 clover hay, of which very
little is being offered.

_Alfalfa._--The alfalfa market showed some advances during the week, but
prices were not materially higher. A better demand from southern and
southeastern consuming sections and from interior Kansas points, where
supplies are relatively small, was reported at Kansas City. Los Angeles
also reports an increased demand for good grades. Choice dairy and
rabbit hay is selling at a good premium over No. 1 and standard alfalfa.
A sharp demand for fertilizer alfalfa is also reported from southern
California.

Further shipments of alfalfa from San Francisco to the New England
States were made during the week, but local demand in that market is
very light. The movement of alfalfa in other Western States is light,
caused principally by the light feeding demand and high freight rates.

_Prairie._--More favorable weather has resulted in larger receipts of
prairie hay at Minneapolis. The market remained steady, however, because
of buying by the local stockyard. Firm prices on timothy and light
receipts of prairie totaling only six cars for the week caused a firm
market at Chicago also. The light receipts were attributed to the low
prices which prevailed a short time ago. Increased receipts at Kansas
City, caused apparently by the recent high prices, are more than equal
to the limited demand and the market for prairie is weak with prices
somewhat lower than last week. There was a good local demand from the
stockyards, but practically no shipping demand, which is required to
absorb any materially increased receipts. But little change is expected
until colder weather arrives.

_Straw._--Light receipts of straw caused slight price advances in
several markets. Demand is light, however, and would not absorb a large
increase in receipts except at price concessions. The following
quotations represent current prices: No. 1 wheat straw--Philadelphia
$12, Pittsburgh $11.50, Richmond $13, Cincinnati $9, Chicago $11.50,
Minneapolis and Kansas City $8; No. 1 oat straw--Philadelphia and
Pittsburgh $12, Cincinnati $11, Chicago $12.50, Minneapolis $9, Kansas
City $8; No. 1 rye straw (straight)--New York $22.50, Philadelphia $20;
(tangled) Pittsburgh $12.50, Chicago $13.50, Cincinnati and Minneapolis
$9.


WHEAT MILL FEED MARKET SHOWS VERY WEAK CONDITION.


General Inactivity in Feed Market Continues--Offerings of Cottonseed
Meal Increasing.

The feed market throughout the country was very dull and weak for the
week ending Oct. 1. There was practically no investment buying of any
commodity and dealers were supplying their immediate needs only. Prices
generally are weak and in some markets lower on several feeds.

Production of wheat and corn feeds remains fairly heavy. Cotton seed in
some sections is moving more freely and meal mills are expected to
increase their offerings. Feed shipments from Minneapolis mills were
heavy and stocks in public warehouses at lake ports are increasing.
Approximately 28,750 tons of wheat feeds were reported in these
warehouses at the end of the week under review, compared with about
2,200 tons at the corresponding time last year.

_Wheat mill feeds._--Continued heavy production of bran and middlings,
together with a lack of sufficient demand to absorb the offerings,
resulted in a very weak feed market during the week. The lower grain
prices were also a bearish factor. Bran was especially dull. Both mills
and jobbers were pressing sales in some markets. Some distress bran was
in evidence at both Chicago and Cincinnati. Hard winter bran sold as low
as $10 per ton on track at Kansas City.

=CARLOAD PRICES OF HAY AND FEED AT IMPORTANT MARKETS, OCT. 1.=

[In dollars per ton.]

  -----------------+-----+------+-----+-----+-----+-----+------+------+
      Commodity.   | New |Phila-|Rich-| At- | Sa- | Mem-|  St. |Pitts-|
                   |York.| del- |mond.| lan-| van-|phis.|Louis.|burgh.|
                   | [1] | phia.|     | ta. | nah.| [1] |  [1] |  [1] |
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  -----------------+-----+------+-----+-----+-----+-----+------+------+
        HAY.       |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  Timothy and      |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  clover:          |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    No. 1 timothy  |31.00| 23.00|26.00|28.00|26.50|24.50| 25.00| 22.50|
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    Standard       |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    timothy        |30.50| 22.00|25.00|26.00|25.50|22.00| 23.00| 21.50|
    No. 2 timothy  |29.50| 20.00|24.00|24.50|24.50|20.00| 20.00| 19.50|
    No. 1 light    |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    clover, mixed  |29.50| 19.00|25.00|26.00|24.50| ... | 22.00| 20.00|
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    No. 1 clover,  |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    mixed          | ... |  ... |24.00| ... | ... | ... | 20.00| 21.00|
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    No. 1 clover   | ... |  ... |24.00| ... | ... | ... | 21.00| 20.00|
  Alfalfa:         |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    No. 1 alfalfa  |28.00|  ... | ... |29.00|28.50|23.00| 22.00|  ... |
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    Standard       |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    alfalfa        | ... |  ... | ... |27.00| ... |20.00| 20.00|  ... |
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    No. 2 alfalfa  | ... |  ... | ... |25.00| ... |17.00| 18.00|  ... |
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  Prairie:         |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    No. 1 upland   | ... |  ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | 17.00|  ... |
    No. 2 upland   | ... |  ... | ... | ... | ... | ... | 15.00|  ... |
    No. 1 midland  | ... |  ... | ... | ... | ... | ... |  ... |  ... |
  Grain:           |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    No. 1 wheat    | ... |  ... | ... | ... | ... | ... |  ... |  ... |
    No. 1 oat      | ... |  ... | ... | ... | ... | ... |  ... |  ... |
   FEED (bagged).  |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  Wheat bran:      |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    Spring         |21.25| 20.75|21.50|22.00| ... | ... |  ... | 19.50|
    Soft winter    |21.50| 22.50|25.00|22.00|23.50|16.00| 14.50| 20.50|
    Hard winter    |21.50| 21.25| ... |22.00| ... | ... | 14.00| 20.00|
  Wheat middlings: |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    Spring         |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    (standard)     |22.25| 21.75|24.00|27.00| ... | ... |  ... | 21.50|
    Soft winter    | ... | 28.00| ... |30.00|30.00| ... | 22.50| 27.50|
    Hard winter    | ... | 27.00| ... |28.00| ... | ... | 21.50| 27.50|
    Hard winter    |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    wheat shorts   | ... |  ... | ... |30.00| ... |24.00| 18.00| 27.00|
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    Wheat millrun  | ... | 23.50| ... | ... | ... | ... |  ... | 23.50|
  Rye middlings    | ... | 20.50|21.00| ... | ... | ... |  ... | 19.00|
  High-protein     |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  meals:           |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    Linseed        |46.75| 44.50| ... | ... | ... | ... | 40.75| 45.00|
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |  [2] |
    Cottonseed     |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    (41%)          | ... | 45.25| ... | ... | ... |36.00| 40.00| 44.50|
    Cottonseed     |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
    (36%)          |45.25| 43.25| ... |41.00|40.50|35.00| 38.50| 42.00|
  No. 1 alfalfa    |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  meal (medium)    | ... |  ... | ... |29.00| ... |22.50| 20.00|  ... |
  Gluten feed      |35.34| 34.93| ... | ... | ... | ... | 29.25|  ... |
  White hominy feed|29.25| 28.75|30.00|28.00| ... | ... | 21.00|  ... |
  Yellow hominy    |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  feed             |27.25| 26.00|30.00| ... | ... | ... | 19.00|  ... |
  Ground barley    | ... |  ... | ... | ... | ... | ... |  ... |  ... |
                   |     |      |     |     |     |     |      |      |
  Dried beet pulp  |29.25| 28.00| ... |33.50|42.00| ... |  ... | 25.80|
  -----------------+-----+------+-----+-----+-----+-----+------+------+

  -----------------+-----+-----+------+-----+------+------+-----
      Commodity.   | Cin-| Chi-| Min- | Oma-|Kansas|  San | Los
                   | cin-|cago.| nea- | ha. | City.| Fran-|Ange-
                   |nati.| [1] |polis.| [1] |  [1] |cisco.| les.
                   | [1] |     |  [1] |     |      |  [1] | [1]
  -----------------+-----+-----+------+-----+------+------+-----
        HAY.       |     |     |      |     |      |      |
  Timothy and      |     |     |      |     |      |      |
  clover:          |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    No. 1 timothy  |20.00|24.00| 19.50| ... | 14.50|  ... | ...
                   |     |     |      |     |  [2] |      |
    Standard       |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    timothy        | ... |22.00| 18.50| ... | 13.50|  ... | ...
    No. 2 timothy  |18.50|20.00| 18.00| ... | 12.50|  ... | ...
    No. 1 light    |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    clover, mixed  |18.50|21.00| 18.00| ... | 13.50|  ... | ...
                   |     | [3] |      |     |  [2] |      |
    No. 1 clover,  |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    mixed          |17.00|17.00| 17.50| ... | 11.00|  ... | ...
                   |     | [2] |  [2] |     |      |      |
    No. 1 clover   |20.00|17.00| 17.00| ... | 11.50|  ... | ...
  Alfalfa:         |     |     |  [2] |     |  [2] |      |
    No. 1 alfalfa  |21.00|22.00| 21.00|15.50| 18.00| 18.00|19.00
                   | [2] |     |  [2] |     |      |      |
    Standard       |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    alfalfa        |19.00|20.00| 19.00|13.50| 15.00| 17.00| ...
                   | [2] |     |  [2] |     |      |      |
    No. 2 alfalfa  |17.00|17.00| 17.00|10.50| 12.00| 13.00| ...
                   | [2] |     |  [2] |     |      |      |
  Prairie:         |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    No. 1 upland   | ... |17.00| 16.50|11.00| 12.00|  ... | ...
    No. 2 upland   | ... |15.00| 14.00| 9.50| 10.00|  ... | ...
    No. 1 midland  | ... |14.00| 12.00|10.00|  8.50|  ... | ...
  Grain:           |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    No. 1 wheat    | ... | ... |  ... | ... |  ... | 20.00| ...
    No. 1 oat      | ... | ... |  ... | ... |  ... | 16.00|21.00
   FEED (bagged).  |     |     |      |     |      |      |
  Wheat bran:      |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    Spring         |17.00|15.25| 12.50| ... |  ... |  ... | ...
    Soft winter    |17.50| ... |  ... | ... | 10.75| 28.00|28.00
    Hard winter    |17.00|15.25|  ... |10.50| 10.50|  ... |22.00
  Wheat middlings: |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    Spring         |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    (standard)     |20.50|16.50| 13.50| ... |  ... |  ... | ...
    Soft winter    |24.00| ... |  ... | ... | 18.50| 39.00| ...
    Hard winter    |20.50| ... |  ... | ... | 18.50|  ... | ...
    Hard winter    |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    wheat shorts   | ... | ... |  ... |18.00| 15.50|  ... | ...
                   |     |     |      |     |  [3] |      |
    Wheat millrun  | ... | ... | 30.00| ... | 15.00| 27.00| ...
  Rye middlings    |17.00| ... | 12.50|12.00|  ... |  ... | ...
  High-protein     |     |     |      |     |      |      |
  meals:           |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    Linseed        |45.00|41.00| 38.00|41.50| 39.25|  ... | ...
                   |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    Cottonseed     |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    (41%)          |41.25|42.00|  ... | ... | 39.75| 41.00| ...
    Cottonseed     |     |     |      |     |      |      |
    (36%)          |38.50|40.00|  ... | ... |  ... |  ... |36.00
  No. 1 alfalfa    |     |     |      |     |      |      |
  meal (medium)    |23.50|21.50|  ... |17.00| 17.25| 20.00|27.00
  Gluten feed      |32.45|28.65|  ... | ... | 34.50|  ... | ...
  White hominy feed|26.00|21.00|  ... |19.00| 20.00|  ... | ...
  Yellow hominy    |     |     |      |     |      |      |
  feed             |26.00|19.00|  ... |18.50| 19.00|  ... | ...
  Ground barley    |36.00|31.00| 20.00| ... | 24.50|  ... |30.00
                   |     |     |      |     |      |      | [4]
  Dried beet pulp  |25.90| ... | 23.50| ... | 21.00|  ... |25.00
  -----------------+-----+-----+------+-----+------+------+-----

  [1] Hay quotations represent average of cash sales at these markets.

  [2] Nominal.

  [3] Brown.

  [4] Rolled.


MIDDLINGS ACTIVE.

Middlings were more active than bran and in several western markets,
including Kansas City and St. Louis, there was a good demand for
middlings and shorts from both local buyers and shippers. The shipping
demand was rather broad, mostly in single car orders, from the Central
West, South, and Southeast. The higher prices asked for middlings in the
southern markets, however, are causing consumers to buy bran instead.
Although prices are low some dealers are inclined to think that still
lower prices will prevail if an attempt is made to market the feed
stored at lake ports before navigation closes. However, Minneapolis
mills are holding firm at present quotations.

_Cottonseed meal._--The cottonseed meal market has lost much of the
strength displayed during the past few weeks. New seed is now moving to
mills in larger quantities and the available supply of meal is
increasing. There is practically no consumptive demand and dealers are
therefore holding off buying as they expect lower prices. Offerings from
mills are still limited and in some sections only for October delivery.
Lack of demand rather than heavy offerings is probably the cause of the
present weakness in meal prices. Some exports of meal are reported at
New Orleans. The demand for meal for fertilizer purposes is light
because other ammoniates are cheaper at the present time.

_Linseed meal._--Northwestern linseed meal mills reduced their prices
somewhat during the week, but the decline was not reflected in all the
markets. Philadelphia reports a slight advance in prices, but quotations
at Buffalo and Chicago were lower. Stocks are rather heavy and jobbers
are pressing sales. There is only a very light demand and resellers are
offering meal at $2 to $3 under mill prices in an effort to stimulate
sales.


GLUTEN FEED DEMAND DULL.

_Gluten feed._--No further reductions in the price of gluten feed were
reported during the week, but the demand was very dull and very little
interest was shown by buyers. Large Chicago manufacturers reported a
slight increase in buying orders toward the last of the week. Buffalo
reported a light demand, but mills are not pressing sales as they were a
few days ago.

_Hominy feed._--Lower corn prices were reflected in the hominy feed
market. Prices declined 50¢ to $1 in several markets and mills were
urgent sellers. The demand for all other feeds is very light so that a
surplus in the offerings, especially of yellow hominy feed, is
noticeable.

_Alfalfa meal._--Alfalfa meal at Kansas City was weak and lower, No. 1
meal being offered as low as $17.20 per ton and No. 2 at $14. The demand
from both feeders and feed manufacturers is light. But little
improvement in the market for this feed can be expected until some
activity appears in the demand for other feeds.

_Peanut meal._--No offerings of new crop peanut meal have been reported,
and it is stated that probably none will be offered until about Nov.
1.


DEMAND FOR CUT HAY ALMOST A THING OF THE PAST.


General Use of Automobiles and Electric Street Cars Cuts Sales--Was Used
Mostly in Cities.

The demand for cut, or chopped, hay has diminished to such an extent
during the past decade that at present only an occasional car is bought
by city dealers while only a few shippers prepare this commodity for
market.

But back in the days when phaetons, surreys, and smart traps drawn by
high-stepping trotters and easy-going “family” horses were seen upon the
boulevards, and the heavy hauling was done by big draft horses rather
than by gasoline-eating trucks, many city dealers operated plants for
the preparation and baling of cut hay. Numerous plants also were
situated in the producing sections of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio.
The advent of the automobile, however, has changed all this, aided
materially by the substitution of electricity for mule power as the
propelling force of street cars.

The kinds of hay usually chopped were timothy and clover mixed. While
hay which had become slightly overripe or which contained a mixture of
grasses frequently was used, only good, sound, and sweet feeding hay was
considered fit for shipping.


FED MIXED WITH GRAIN.

Cut hay is generally fed mixed with grain and is considered an excellent
feed, as it prevents the stock from eating the concentrated grain ration
too rapidly. The hay is usually dampened when used in this manner. This
is one of the disadvantages of feeding it for if more than enough is
mixed for one feed and it is not fed within a short time it is likely to
sour if the weather is warm, or possibly freeze if the weather is cold.
This condition, together with the labor and bother of mixing, has caused
feeders in many instances to turn to ready-mixed and molasses feeds.

However, for feeders who desire to prepare their own mixed feed ration
the cut hay is probably the most convenient ingredient that can be used
to produce the required bulk.


IMPORTS OF FORAGE-PLANT SEEDS.

=The Seed Laboratory of the Bureau of Plant Industry reports the
following imports of forage-plant seeds permitted entry into the United
States under the seed importation Act.=

  -------------------------+-------------------+---------+----------
                           |     September--   | July 1- |  July 1-
        Kind of seed.      +---------+---------+Sept. 30,| Sept. 30,
                           |   1921  |   1920  |   1921  |    1920
  -------------------------+---------+---------+---------+----------
                           |_Pounds._|_Pounds._|_Pounds._| _Pounds._
  Alfalfa                  | 422,200 |  44,100 |1,364,000|  171,500
  Canada bluegrass         |   5,200 |   ...   |    7,400|    ...
  Alsike clover            | 671,400 |  87,000 |1,106,700|  109,700
  Crimson clover           | 879,500 | 998,100 |1,581,600|1,958,800
  Red clover               | 116,400 |   6,800 |1,792,900|  305,200
  White clover             | 263,600 |   ...   |  538,600|    ...
  White and alsike clover  |         |         |         |
  mixtures                 |   2,700 |   ...   |    8,100|    ...
  Red and alsike clover    |         |         |         |
  mixtures                 |   2,100 |   ...   |    2,100|    ...
  Alsike clover and timothy|         |         |         |
  mixtures                 |     500 |   ...   |    1,100|    ...
  Broom-corn millet        |   ...   |   ...   |    ...  |    1,100
  Foxtail millet           |   ...   |  14,700 |    ...  |   14,700
  Grass mixtures           |   ...   |   ...   |   40,100|    ...
  Orchard grass            | 833,300 |   ...   |  959,100|    ...
  Rape                     | 554,100 | 170,900 |  728,700|  215,700
  English rye grass        |   ...   |  15,600 |   16,300|  130,800
  Italian rye grass        |   ...   |  49,800 |   13,800|  131,300
  Timothy                  |   ...   |   ...   |   95,100|    ...
  Hairy vetch              | 280,600 |  33,000 |  645,900|  367,700
  Spring vetch             |   ...   |   ...   |    8,800|    ...
  -------------------------+---------+---------+---------+----------

=The cleaning=, if any, that the average farmer gives his seed merely
removes dirt, chaff, and weed and other foreign seeds that are much
larger or smaller or much heavier or lighter than the kind of seed that
is being cleaned.




_Cotton_


PRICES OF SPOTS AND FUTURES CONTINUE TO ADVANCE.


Condition of Crop Poorest on Record--Production Estimated at Only
6,537,000 Bales.

Perhaps the main feature in the cotton markets for the week ending Oct.
1 was the sensational advance in prices which occurred on Sept. 27. That
day was the first day for the issuance of notices of deliveries to be
made on October future contracts at the two future exchanges and it is
reported that the notices issued were for more than 80,000 bales at New
York and over 20,000 bales at New Orleans. However, in spite of these
notices of heavy deliveries, the demand for October contracts during the
day was such that the price at New York rose 1³⁄₄¢ per lb. and at New
Orleans nearly 1¹⁄₂¢ over the low point reached early in the morning.

The closing prices for October future contracts for that day were 21.03¢
at New York and 20.70¢ at New Orleans, or 143 points and 135 points,
respectively, above the closing prices of the previous Saturday. The
average price of middling in the 10 designated markets reached 20.89¢
per lb. on Sept. 27, or very nearly $5 per bale higher than at the close
of the previous week.


TRADE APPREHENSIVE.

Only the better grades of cotton are deliverable on future contracts so
that probably one of the main causes of the keen demand for October
contracts was the apprehension that the present crop will not only be
the smallest for many years but that it will also be of low grade, as is
indicated by reports from some sections.

During the remainder of the week prices eased off somewhat under heavy
hedge selling and liquidation by long interests, but indications were
that the demand for future contracts, as well as for spot cotton during
the entire week, was fully equal to the offerings. The end of the week
found prices higher than those prevailing at the close of the previous
week except for the prices for the more distant months, which were a few
points lower.

The average price of Middling as determined from the quotations of the
10 designated spot markets closed at 20.71¢ per lb. on Oct. 1, compared
with 19.92¢ at the close of the previous week and 23.11¢ for the
corresponding day in 1920.

Fluctuations in prices for futures ranged from a decline of 27 points
for July future contracts at New York to an advance of 88 points for
October futures in the same market. October futures on the New Orleans
Cotton Exchange advanced 70 points. October future contracts on the
Liverpool Cotton Association closed at 14.68d. per lb. on Sept. 30,
compared with 14.16d. at the close of the previous week and 17.23d. for
the corresponding day in 1920.


SPOT SALES LARGER.

Spot sales during the week at the 10 designated markets were much larger
than they have been for any week this season. They amounted to 209,938
bales, compared with 155,954 the previous week and 96,095 bales for the
corresponding week in 1920. On Sept. 28 the sales in the 10 markets were
59,929 bales, the largest single day’s sales for this season. The
previous largest day’s sales for the season, involving 38,504 bales,
occurred on Sept. 6. The total sales in the 10 designated markets from
Aug. 1 to Oct. 1 were 980,146 bales, compared with 503,135 for the
corresponding period last year. (Sales for 1920 exclude Dallas.)

=SPOT COTTON QUOTATIONS.=

  =Price of Middling spot cotton for Oct. 1, and the commercial
  differences in price between Middling and other grades of American
  Upland cotton at each of the 10 markets named, together with the total
  number of bales sold during the week ending Oct. 1, in each of the
  markets, as reported to the Bureau of Markets and Crop Estimates.=

  -------------------------+------+------+------+------+------+------+
                           | Nor- |Augus-|Savan-| Mont-| Mem- |Little|
                           | folk.|  ta. | nah. | gom- | phis.| Rock.|
                           |      |      |      | ery. |      |      |
  -------------------------+------+------+------+------+------+------+
  White standards:         | _On._| _On._| _On._| _On._| _On._| _On._|
                           |  [1] |      |      |      |      |      |
    Middling Fair          |   200|   250|   175|   200|   200|   225|
  Strict Good Middling     |   150|   200|   150|   150|   150|   175|
    Good Middling          |   100|   100|   100|   100|   100|   100|
    Strict Middling        |    50|    50|    50|    50|    50|    50|
  =Middling=               | 20.25| 20.25| 20.75| 20.00| 21.00| 20.75|
                           |_Off._|_Off._|_Off._|_Off._|_Off._|_Off._|
                           |  [1] |      |      |      |      |      |
    Strict Low Middling    |    75|    75|    75|   100|   100|    75|
    Low Middling           |   200|   200|   200|   200|   250|   200|
    Strict Good Ordinary[2]|   300|   300|   300|   300|   400|   300|
    Good Ordinary[2]       |   400|   425|   400|   400|   500|   400|
  Yellow Tinged:           |      |      |      |      |      |      |
    Good Middling          |    50| Even.|    50|    50|    50|    50|
    Strict Middling        |   125|   100|   150|   150|   150|   125|
    Middling[2]            |   200|   200|   250|   250|   200|   225|
    Strict Low Middling[2] |   350|   300|   350|   350|   350|   325|
    Low Middling[2]        |   450|   400|   450|   450|   450|   425|
  Yellow Stained:          |      |      |      |      |      |      |
    Good Middling          |   200|   175|   200|   225|   200|   200|
    Strict Middling[2]     |   300|   275|   300|   325|   300|   250|
    Middling[2]            |   450|   450|   400|   450|   350|   400|
  Blue Stained:            |      |      |      |      |      |      |
    Good Middling[2]       |   250|   225|   250|   275|   200|   250|
    Strict Middling[2]     |   350|   325|   350|   375|   300|   350|
    Middling[2]            |   450|   425|   450|   500|   350|   450|
  Sales for week, bales    |10,205| 2,376| 3,160| 3,227|25,450|11,851|
                           |      |      |      |      |      |      |
  -------------------------+------+------+------+------+------+------+

  -------------------------+------+------+------+------+-------
                           | Dal- | Hous-| Gal- |  New | Aver-
                           | las.  |ton. | ves- |  Or- |  age.
                           |      |      | ton. |leans.|
  -------------------------+------+------+------+------+-------
  White standards:         | _On._| _On._| _On._| _On._|  _On._
                           |      |      |      |      |
    Middling Fair          |   200|   225|   300|   175|    215
  Strict Good Middling     |   150|   175|   200|   150|    165
    Good Middling          |   100|   125|   100|   100|    103
    Strict Middling        |    50|    75|    50|    50|     53
  =Middling=               | 20.60| 21.25| 21.75| 20.50|  20.71
                           |_Off._|_Off._|_Off._|_Off._| _Off._
                           |      |      |      |      |
    Strict Low Middling    |   100|   100|   100|    75|     88
    Low Middling           |   225|   200|   250|   200|    213
    Strict Good Ordinary[2]|   325|   300|   400|   450|    338
    Good Ordinary[2]       |   425|   400|   500|   550|    440
  Yellow Tinged:           |      |      |      |      |
    Good Middling          |    50|    50|    50|    50|     45
    Strict Middling        |   150|   150|   150|   100|    135
    Middling[2]            |   250|   250|   250|   250|    233
    Strict Low Middling[2] |   350|   400|   350|   325|    345
    Low Middling[2]        |   450|   500|   500|   400|    448
  Yellow Stained:          |      |      |      |      |
    Good Middling          |   200|   250|   250|   300|    220
    Strict Middling[2]     |   300|   350|   350|   350|    310
    Middling[2]            |   400|   400|   450|   400|    415
  Blue Stained:            |      |      |      |      |
    Good Middling[2]       |   300|   300|   300|   325|    268
    Strict Middling[2]     |   350|   400|   400|   375|    358
    Middling[2]            |   450|   500|   500|   425|    450
  Sales for week, bales    |68,007|58,387| 8,681|18,594|209,938
                           |      |      |      |      |  [3]
  -------------------------+------+------+------+------+-------

  [1] The differences are stated in terms of hundredths of a cent per
  pound. By “On” is meant that the stated number of points is to be
  added to the price of Middling and by “Off” is meant that the stated
  number of points is to be subtracted from the price of Middling.

  [2] These grades are not tenderable on future contracts made subject
  to section 5 of the United States cotton futures Act, as amended, on
  the future exchanges at New York and New Orleans.

  [3] Total sales in the designated markets.

Commercial reports indicate that trading in cotton goods has broadened
and that, while the demand for goods in small quantities and under
frequent orders is rather active, there is still uncertainty as to the
effect of higher prices on the consumption of goods.

The crop reporting board of the Bureau of Markets and Crop Estimates on
Oct. 3. 1921, estimated that the condition of the cotton crop on Sept.
25 was 42.2% of normal, compared with 49.3% on Aug. 25, 59.1% on Sept.
25, 1920, 54.4% on Sept. 25, 1919, and 62.4% the average on Sept. 25 of
the past 10 years.

A condition of 42.2% on Sept. 25 forecasts a yield per acre of about 118
lbs. and a total production of about 6,537,000 bales of 500 lbs., gross.
In 1920 the production was 13,439,603 bales; in 1919, 11,420,763; in
1918, 12,040,532; in 1917, 11,302,375; and in 1916, 11,449,930 bales.

The condition of the crop on Sept. 25 is the lowest on record and the
estimated production is less than that for any year since 1884 when
5,682,000 bales were produced.

The preliminary report of the Bureau of the Census issued on Oct. 3,
showed 2,907,950 bales ginned prior to Sept. 25, compared with 2,249,606
bales for the corresponding period last year and 1,835,214 bales for
1919. The figure for 1921 is subject to slight corrections when checked
with individual returns of the ginners being transmitted by mail.

=Closing Future Prices for Oct. 1 and for the Corresponding Days in 1920
and 1919.=

  ---------+-----------------+-----------------
    Month. |     New York.   |   New Orleans.
           +-----------------+-----------------
           | 1921| 1920| 1919| 1921| 1920| 1919
  ---------+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----
  October  |20.48|22.25|30.55|20.05|20.80|31.25
  December |20.65|21.25|30.84|20.26|20.42|30.85
  January  |20.33|20.92|30.85|20.03|20.25|30.76
  March    |20.02|20.68|31.00|19.59|20.25|30.72
  ---------+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----+-----


Stocks of Government-Classed Cotton at Future Markets.

Inspected cotton, Government-classed, in warehouses at the ports of New
York and New Orleans on Sept. 30, and on the corresponding day in 1920,
of the grades tenderable on future contracts made on the exchanges in
these markets subject to section 5 of the United States cotton futures
Act as amended:

  -----------------------------+-----------------+-----------------
                               |    New York.    |   New Orleans.
              Grade.           +-----------------+-----------------
                               |  1921  |  1920  |  1921  |  1920
  -----------------------------+--------+--------+--------+--------
                               |_Bales._|_Bales._|_Bales._|_Bales._
  Middling Fair                |    ... |    ... |       3|       2
  Strict Good Middling         |     234|       3|     293|      95
  Good Middling                |   4,393|      24|   3,645|     726
  Strict Middling              |  19,482|      38|  22,654|   1,652
  Middling                     |  47,667|     179|  37,173|   1,538
  Strict Low Middling          |  39,264|   3,079|  19,040|   1,264
  Low Middling                 |   9,443|   1,294|   7,410|     409
  Good Middling Yellow Tinged  |   3,880|     136|   3,214|      71
  Strict Middling Yellow Tinged|   3,405|     453|   3,046|     113
  Good Middling Yellow Stained |      23|       2|       3|       2
                               +--------+--------+--------+--------
    Total                      | 127,791|   5,208|  96,481|   5,872
  -----------------------------+--------+--------+--------+--------

Total stocks of cotton, all kinds, on Sept. 30. at the port of New York
were 147,822 bales and for the corresponding day in 1920, 25,594 bales;
at the port of New Orleans, 426,488 bales, and for the corresponding day
in 1920, 206,460 bales.

=Cotton Movement and Exports from Aug. 1 to Sept. 30.=

[Information from commercial sources.]

  -----------------------------------------+---------+---------
                                           |   1921  |   1920
  -----------------------------------------+---------+---------
                                           | _Bales._| _Bales._
  Port receipts                            |1,032,400|  630,734
  Port stocks                              |1,407,344|  816,826
  Interior receipts                        |1,292,150|  736,239
  Interior stocks                          |1,147,941|  920,155
  Into sight                               |1,852,353|1,369,128
  Northern spinners’ takings               |  296,661|  206,321
  Southern spinners’ takings               |  497,115|  328,213
  World’s visible supply of American cotton|3,944,690|2,763,568
  -----------------------------------------+---------+---------

Exports for the week ending Sept. 30, amounted to 147,591 bales,
compared with 86,204 bales the previous week and 109,498 bales for the
corresponding week in 1920. The total exports from Aug. 1 to Sept. 30
were 870,698 bales, compared with 457,750 bales in 1920.

=Exports of American Cotton from Aug. 1 to Sept. 30.=

  ---------------+--------+--------
       To--      |  1921  |  1920
  ---------------+--------+--------
                 |_Bales._|_Bales._
  Great Britain  | 118,751| 177,162
  France         | 145,343|  92,617
  Germany        | 248,728| 110,275
  Italy          |  32,515|  26,025
  Japan and China| 211,103|   1,526
  Other countries| 114,258|  50,145
                 +--------+--------
    Total        | 870,698| 457,750
  ---------------+--------+--------


Premium Staple Cotton.

A fair demand for premium staple cotton is reported at New Orleans and a
good demand at Memphis. Some of the sales in these two markets during
the week were as follows:

  New Orleans:                                             Cents.
      Strict Middling, 1¹⁄₁₆ ins.                           22
      Middling, 1¹⁄₁₆ ins.                                  22
      Middling to Strict Middling, 1¹⁄₁₆ ins.               22¹⁄₂
      Strict Good Ordinary, California, 1¹⁄₁₆ ins.          17
      Middling, 1¹⁄₁₆ to 1¹⁄₈ ins.                          23
      Middling to Strict Middling, 1¹⁄₈ ins.                27³⁄₄
      Strict Low Middling to Middling, 1¹⁄₈ ins.            21
      Good Middling, 1¹⁄₈ ins.                              30
      Good Middling, 1¹⁄₄ ins.                              36
      Strict Low Middling to Middling, 1⁵⁄₁₆ ins.           36
      Middling to Strict Middling, 1³⁄₁₆ ins.               35
      Strict Middling, full 1³⁄₁₆ ins.                      36
      Strict Good Ordinary to Low Middling, 1³⁄₁₆ ins.      22
  Memphis:
      Strict Middling, 1¹⁄₈ ins.                            30
      Middling, 1¹⁄₈ to 1³⁄₁₆ ins.                          32
      Strict Middling to Good Middling, full 1³⁄₁₆ ins.     37¹⁄₂
      Middling to Strict Middling, 1³⁄₁₆ ins.               34
      Middling to Strict Middling, full 1³⁄₁₆ ins.          37
      Middling, full 1³⁄₁₆ to 1¹⁄₄ ins.                     39
      Strict Middling to Good Middling, 1³⁄₁₆ to 1¹⁄₄ ins.  40
      Strict Middling, 1⁵⁄₁₆ to 1³⁄₈ ins.                   40
      Middling, 1³⁄₈ ins.                                   41

The average premiums quoted in the New Orleans and Memphis markets for
the staple lengths specified are stated below for Middling cotton based
on Middling short staple cotton at 20¹⁄₂¢ per lb. at New Orleans and 21¢
at Memphis on Oct. 1, 1921, and 23¢ per lb. at New Orleans and 25¢ at
Memphis on Oct. 2, 1920.

  ----------+-------------------+-------------------
            |   New Orleans.    |     Memphis.
    Length. +---------+---------+---------+---------
            |   1921  |   1920  |   1921  |   1920
  ----------+---------+---------+---------+---------
            |_Points._|_Points._|_Points._|_Points._
  1¹⁄₁₆ ins.|    175  |    400  |    200  |     65
  1¹⁄₈ ins. |    750  |   ...   |    700  |    700
  1³⁄₁₆ ins.|  1,100  |   ...   |  1,200  |  1,800
  1¹⁄₄ ins. |  1,500  |   ...   |  1,900  |   ...
  ----------+---------+---------+---------+---------

The latest quotations received for Pima American-Egyptian cotton are 40¢
per lb. for No. 2 grade and 37¢ for No. 3 grade f. o. b. New England
mill points.

Telegraphic advices indicate that Egyptian Sakellaridis cotton for
prompt shipment is quoted at 63⁷⁄₈¢ per lb. for the grade Fully Good and
49⁵⁄₈¢ for the grade Good Fair on c. i. f. terms landed at Boston or New
York.

=COTTONSEED PRICE QUOTATIONS.=

Week Ending Sept. 24.

  --------------------+-----------+-----------
         City.        | Car lots. |Wagon lots.
  --------------------+-----------+-----------
                      | _Per ton._| _Per ton._
  Charlotte, N. C.    |     $43.00|     $40.00
  Cheraw, S. C.       |      46.25|      38.50
  Edgefield, S. C.    |      42.00|      40.00
  Greenville, S. C.   |      ...  |      38.00
  Orangeburg, S. C.   |      45.00|      42.00
  Lauratown, Ark.     |      38.00|       ...
  Ashdown, Ark.       |       ... |      32.00
  Jonesboro, Ark.     |       ... |      32.00
  Prescott, Ark.      |       ... |      35.00
  Henning, Tenn.      |       ... |      35.00
  New Orleans, La.    |      40.00|       ...
  Atlanta, Ga.        |      45.00|      42.00
  Dallas, Tex.        |41.00-42.00|37.00-38.00
  Fort Worth, Tex.    |      40.00|       ...
  Houston, Tex.       |      40.00|       ...
  Oklahoma City, Okla.|      35.00|      30.00
  Guthrie, Okla.      |      35.00|      24.00
  Chickasha, Okla.    |      34.00|      28.00
  --------------------+-----------+-----------


Imports of Wool at Two Ports.

Imports of wool through the port of Philadelphia during the two weeks
ending Oct. 1 totaled 2,842 bales, weighing 1,203,247 lbs., valued at
$129,462. Imports at Boston during the same period totaled 802 bales,
weighing 330,551 lbs., and having a valuation of $42,821. In addition,
128 bales of mohair, weighing 64,694 lbs., valued at $9,375, were
received at Boston.

[Illustration: COTTON: COMPARATIVE PRICE VARIATIONS FOR AUGUST AND
SEPTEMBER.]

=WOOL CONSUMPTION REPORT FOR AUGUST.=

=Quantities Entering into Manufacture According to Condition, Classes,
and Grades.=

[In thousands of pounds; i. e., 000 omitted.]

  ------------------+---------------+---------------+---------------+
                    |    Grease.    |    Scoured.   |     Pulled.   |
                    |               |               |               |
   Class and grade. +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
                    |  1921 |  1920 |  1921 |  1920 |  1921 |  1920 |
  ------------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
  Fine:             |       |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  6,241|  2,090|     45|     56|     19|     45|
      Foreign       |  2,814|  4,661|     14|     56|      1|     10|
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |    985|    358|    654|    476|    229|     54|
      Foreign       |    270|    487|    632|    546|     10|      7|
  ¹⁄₂ blood:        |       |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  4,280|  1,937|     45|     52|    138|    219|
      Foreign       |  1,285|  2,066|     53|     50|   ... |   ... |
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |    347|    195|    561|    345|    215|     45|
      Foreign       |     12|     10|    199|    114|     10|      7|
  ³⁄₈ blood:        |       |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  2,207|  1,323|    299|    148|    185|    106|
      Foreign       |  1,603|  2,112|     35|     37|   ... |   ... |
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |    183|     71|  1,019|    434|    443|     64|
      Foreign       |    172|    140|    307|    589|   ... |      1|
  ¹⁄₄ blood:        |       |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  2,747|  1,630|    159|    151|    266|    161|
      Foreign       |  2,719|  3,329|    109|    143|     61|     32|
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |    289|    186|    790|    372|    193|     39|
      Foreign       |    504|    314|    443|    243|     33|     19|
  Low or Lincoln:   |       |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |    158|    223|      9|     36|      2|      2|
      Foreign       |    485|    570|     15|     45|     31|      3|
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |      4|     13|    105|     45|     10|      7|
      Foreign       |     21|    154|     58|      7|      1|      3|
  Carpet:           |       |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing, foreign|  2,522|  2,380|     95|    248|     70|     46|
    Filling, foreign|  2,812|  2,530|    509|    572|    461|    245|
  Grade not stated: |       |       |       |       |       |       |
    Domestic        |  5,513|     97|    103|     58|   ... |   ... |
    Foreign         |  4,351|     25|     25|      9|   ... |   ... |
                    +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
  Total:            |       |       |       |       |       |       |
    Domestic        | 22,954|  8,123|  3,789|  2,173|  1,700|    742|
    Foreign         | 19,570| 18,778|  2,494|  2,659|    678|    373|
                    +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
      Grand total,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      August        | 42,524| 26,901|  6,283|  4,832|  2,378|  1,115|
      Grand total,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      July          | 38,022| 26,757|  5,923|  4,281|  2,406|  1,336|
                    +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+
      Grand total,  |       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Jan. to Aug.  |283,721|321,703| 43,430| 56,099| 17,654| 13,302|
  ------------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+

  ------------------+---------------+---------------+---------------
                    |    Total,     |  Total, July. | Total, January
                    |    August.    |               |   to August.
   Class and grade. +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------
                    |  1921 |  1920 |  1921 |  1920 |  1921 |  1920
  ------------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------
  Fine:             |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  6,305|  2,191|  4,166|  2,411| 27,035| 40,533
      Foreign       |  2,829|  4,727|  2,976|  5,701| 28,138| 53,343
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  1,868|    888|  1,624|    773| 11,720| 12,322
      Foreign       |    912|  1,040|    959|    899|  8,101| 13,164
  ¹⁄₂ blood:        |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |
       Domestic     |  4,463|  2,208|  3,678|  2,517| 24,681| 27,949
      Foreign       |  1,338|  2,116|  1,345|  2,544| 10,088| 24,582
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  1,123|    585|    925|    523|  7,315| 10,661
      Foreign       |    221|    131|    310|     98|  2,131|  3,057
  ³⁄₈ blood:        |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  2,691|  1,577|  2,741|  1,514| 20,485| 29,035
      Foreign       |  1,638|  2,149|  1,410|  1,503| 12,420| 21,708
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  1,645|    569|  1,580|    828| 11,630| 12,180
      Foreign       |    479|    730|    348|    257|  2,948|  5,236
  ¹⁄₄ blood:        |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  3,172|  1,942|  2,861|  1,666| 22,630| 23,722
      Foreign       |  2,889|  3,504|  2,424|  3,829| 28,920| 37,667
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |  1,272|    597|  1,143|    608|  8,641|  6,930
      Foreign       |    980|    576|    966|    608|  7,106|  6,561
  Low or Lincoln:   |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing--       |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |    169|    261|    156|    199|  1,386|  1,742
      Foreign       |    531|    618|    825|    572|  5,555|  7,839
    Clothing--      |       |       |       |       |       |
      Domestic      |    119|     65|    117|     61|  1,074|    709
      Foreign       |     80|    164|     32|     56|    697|  1,263
  Carpet:           |       |       |       |       |       |
    Combing, foreign|  2,687|  2,674|  1,993|  2,255| 13,596| 23,353
    Filling, foreign|  3,782|  3,347|  2,925|  2,910| 18,405| 26,111
  Grade not stated: |       |       |       |       |       |
    Domestic        |  5,616|    155|  5,838|     20| 38,550|    730
    Foreign         |  4,376|     34|  5,009|     22| 31,553|    707
                    +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------
  Total:            |       |       |       |       |       |
    Domestic        | 28,443| 11,038| 24,829| 11,120|175,147|166,513
    Foreign         | 22,742| 21,810| 21,522| 21,254|169,658|224,591
                    +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------
      Grand total,  |       |       |       |       |       |
      August        | 51,185| 32,848|   ... |   ... |   ... |    ...
      Grand total,  |       |       |       |       |       |
      July          |   ... |   ... | 46,351| 32,374|   ... |    ...
                    +-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------
      Grand total,  |       |       |       |       |       |
      Jan. to Aug.  |   ... |   ... |   ... |   ... |344,805|391,101
  ------------------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------+-------

=Quantities Entering into Manufacture According to Sections.=

[In thousands of pounds, i. e. 000 omitted.]

  -------------+-------------+-------------+-------------+-------------
               |   Grease.   |   Scoured.  |   Pulled.   |    Total.
    Section.   +------+------+------+------+------+------+------+------
               | 1921 | 1920 | 1921 | 1920 | 1921 | 1920 | 1921 | 1920
  -------------+------+------+------+------+------+------+------+------
  New England  |27,026|13,980| 3,419| 2,097|   894|   500|31,339|16,577
  Middle       |      |      |      |      |      |      |      |
  Atlantic     |13,710|11,516| 1,419| 1,431| 1,162|   469|16,291|13,416
  Pacific coast|    62|    47|   235|   182|    55|    12|   352|   241
  Other        |      |      |      |      |      |      |      |
  sections     | 1,726| 1,358| 1,210| 1,122|   267|   134| 3,203| 2,614
               +------+------+------+------+------+------+------+------
    Grand total|42,524|26,901| 6,283| 4,832| 2,378| 1,115|51,185|32,848
  -------------+------+------+------+------+------+------+------+------




_Foreign Markets_


INCREASE IN WHEAT SHIPMENTS FEATURES EXPORT TRADE.


August, 1921, Exports of Wheat Exceed in Quantity Those of Any Single
Month in Ten Years.

Exports of farm products during August had a total value of
$233,000,000, an increase of $57,000,000 over the month of July, when
the value of agricultural exports totaled $176,000,000, according to
preliminary trade statistics obtained from the Department of Commerce.
Agricultural products represented 62.1% of the total exports during the
month, as compared with 55% during July.

The outstanding feature of the month’s foreign trade was the big
increase in the exports of wheat, which totaled 59,000,000 bus., as
compared with 25,000,000 bus. exported in July, and 28,000,000 bus.
exported in August of last year. The August, 1921, exports exceeded
those of any other single month during the past ten years.

The exports of cotton totaled 254,739,435 lbs., compared with
271,527,561 lbs. in July, a decrease of 16,788,126 lbs., equivalent to
33,576 bales of 500 lbs. each.

Exports of meat and meat products totaled 203,758,869 lbs., compared
with 201,767,270 lbs. for July, and 82,268,344 lbs. exported during the
month of August, 1920. The exports of lard jumped from 83,329,000 lbs.
in July to 87,410,000 lbs. in August.

Of condensed, evaporated, and powdered milk 31,958,637 lbs. were
exported during August, compared with 18,053,097 lbs. during July and
25,638,722 lbs. for August, 1920.

Exports of corn totaled 13,651,559 bus. compared with 14,972,765 bus.
exported during July, and 781,271 bus. during August, 1920. The total
exports of corn during the first eight months of 1921 were 86,372,464
bus. compared with 10,525,077 bus. exported during the first eight
months of 1920.

Exports of rice totaled 61,981,737 lbs., as against 63,264,950 lbs. in
July, and 10,322,640 lbs. exported during August, 1920. Total exports of
rice during the first eight months of 1921 were 434,863,107 lbs.
compared with 289,514,321 lbs. exported during the first eight months of
1920.

Exports of tobacco totaled 53,076,605 lbs., a slight decrease from July,
but more than 10,000,000 lbs. greater than the exports for August, 1920.

The exports of the principal agricultural products during August and
July, 1921, with comparisons for August, 1920, and the first eight
months of the calendar years 1920 and 1921, are set forth in Table 1.

The value of the agricultural products imported into the United States
during August was $116,000,000, or 59.8% of all imports during the
month, compared with $98,000,000 in July, 1921, and $350,000,000 in
August, 1920. The leading commodities imported, together with their
declared values, were: Raw silks, $27,721,270; sugar, $18,119,559:
coffee, $10,012,416; hides and skins, $8,226,888; tobacco, $5,190,213;
rubber, $5,098,629; seeds, $4,071,250; vegetable oils, $2,873,161;
fibers, $2,117,925; unmanufactured wool, $2,081,065; bananas,
$1,918,357; cacao, $1,006,333.

The imports of some of the principal agricultural products during August
and July, 1921, with comparisons for August, 1920, and the first eight
months of the calendar years 1920 and 1921 are set forth in Table 2.

[Illustration: MONTHLY TREND OF EXPORTS OF WHEAT, COTTON, PORK, AND
LARD.

[The 1910-1914 curve represents the prewar annual average.]]

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------
      TABLE 1.--MONTHLY EXPORTS OF PRINCIPAL AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS.
  -------------------------+------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
                           |      |           |           |           |
          Commodity.       |Unit. |Aug., 1921.|July, 1921.|Aug., 1920.+
                           |      |           |           |           |
  -------------------------+------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
  Wheat                    |Bus.  | 58,536,829| 24,842,294| 27,693,982|
  Wheat flour              |Bbls. |  1,872,573|  1,238,019|  1,166,707|
  Cotton                   |Lbs.  |254,739,435|271,527,561| 74,767,391|
  Meat and meat products   |Lbs.  |203,758,869|201,767,270| 82,268,344|
  Butter                   |Lbs.  |    435,489|    531,078|    436,214|
  Cheese                   |Lbs.  |    428,014|  2,200,800|    374,538|
  Milk (condensed,         |      |           |           |           |
  evaporated, and powdered)|Lbs.  | 31,958,637| 18,053,097| 25,638,722|
  Tobacco                  |Lbs.  | 53,076,605| 53,174,339| 42,828,455|
  Wool                     |Lbs.  |     92,702|    193,574|    683,320|
  Corn                     |Bus.  | 13,651,559| 14,972,765|    781,271|
  Rice                     |Lbs.  | 61,981,737| 63,264,950| 10,322,640|
  Rye                      |Bus.  |  3,079,857|    931,148|  5,082,819|
  -------------------------+------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

  -------------------------+------+---------------------------
                           |      |   Eight months ending--
          Commodity.       |Unit. +-------------+-------------
                           |      | Aug., 1921. | Aug., 1920.
  -------------------------+------+-------------+-------------
  Wheat                    |Bus.  |  206,602,944|   99,775,041
  Wheat flour              |Bbls. |   11,182,195|   15,256,168
  Cotton                   |Lbs.  |1,958,818,466|1,982,687,809
  Meat and meat products   |Lbs.  |1,381,422,150|1,246,522,110
  Butter                   |Lbs.  |    6,260,466|   15,965,485
  Cheese                   |Lbs.  |    9,912,810|   13,674,469
  Milk (condensed,         |      |             |
  evaporated, and powdered)|Lbs.  |  184,120,177|  335,270,393
  Tobacco                  |Lbs.  |  374,316,822|  326,728,208
  Wool                     |Lbs.  |    1,526,920|    5,967,463
  Corn                     |Bus.  |   86,372,464|   10,525,077
  Rice                     |Lbs.  |  434,863,107|  289,514,321
  Rye                      |Bus.  |   21,479,252|   41,481,106
  -------------------------+------+-------------+-------------

  ---------------------------------------------------------------------
      TABLE 2.--MONTHLY IMPORTS OF PRINCIPAL AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS.
  -------------------------+------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
                           |      |           |           |           |
          Commodity.       |Unit. |Aug., 1921.|July, 1921.|Aug., 1920.+
                           |      |           |           |           |
  -------------------------+------+-----------+-----------+-----------+
  Sugar                    |Lbs.  |570,852,965|277,270,645|880,435,997|
  Hides and skins          |Lbs.  | 38,090,047| 34,377,952| 35,127,547|
  Tobacco                  |Lbs.  |  4,819,657|  3,154,947|  7,894,406|
  Wool                     |Lbs.  | 15,866,744|  9,396,864| 14,447,810|
  Rice (cleaned)           |Lbs.  |  6,567,780|  1,407,850| 15,354,050|
  Meat and meat products   |Lbs.  |  5,013,869|  3,385,354| 25,015,317|
  Butter                   |Lbs.  |    149,886|    191,748|  2,737,265|
  Lemons                   |Value.|   $242,440|   $304,058|   $456,387|
  -------------------------+------+-----------+-----------+-----------+

  -------------------------+------+---------------------------
                           |      |   Eight months ending--
          Commodity.       |Unit. +-------------+-------------
                           |      | Aug., 1921. | Aug., 1920.
  -------------------------+------+-------------+-------------
  Sugar                    |Lbs.  |4,431,517,830|6,565,255,469
  Hides and skins          |Lbs.  |  236,176,698|  402,772,854
  Tobacco                  |Lbs.  |  208,505,559|   63,424,548
  Wool                     |Lbs.  |  273,521,338|  213,531,918
  Rice (cleaned)           |Lbs.  |   38,096,280|  104,671,751
  Meat and meat products   |Lbs.  |   53,632,204|   89,534,449
  Butter                   |Lbs.  |   11,774,801|   25,592,355
  Lemons                   |Value.|     $944,756|   $2,576,655
  -------------------------+------+-------------+-------------


Good Outlook for Spain’s Crop of Jordan and Valencia Almonds.

From all available reliable sources it is believed that Spain’s 1921
crop of Jordan almonds, which are grown only in the Provinces of Malaga,
Jaen, Granada, and Almeria, will be about equal to last year’s
production, reports the American consul at Malaga. Various exporters
place the crop from 70,000 to 75,000 boxes of 25 lbs. each.

The crop is somewhat delayed because of the late spring, but the quality
is good. Since all stocks of this variety have been exhausted for some
time, the demand is active, and opening prices f. o. b. Malaga are
expected to be considerably higher than last year. However, this should
make but little difference to the buyers in the United States, as they
will benefit by the decrease in the exchange value of the peseta.

The general opinion seems to be that this year’s crop of Valencia
almonds will exceed last year’s production by 15% to 20%. Inasmuch as
these almonds are grown in various parts of Spain and often shipped to
Malaga for export, it is difficult to give exact figures. Prices of
Valencia almonds are regulated by quotations from Italy, but Spanish
farmers in the Malaga district are expecting good prices on account of
the small stocks carried over.

The following table gives the total exports of shelled almonds from
Malaga, Spain, to all countries and to the United States during the past
five years:

  -----+---------+-------------
       |  Total  | Exports to
  Year.| exports.|the United
       |         |   States.
  -----+---------+-------------
       |_Pounds._|  _Pounds._
  1916 |4,548,090|  2,873,356
  1917 |2,469,152|  2,183,659
  1918 |4,664,934|  2,882,597
  1919 |6,673,324|  3,821,341
  1920 |2,521,078|  5,028,693
  -----+---------+---------------


  WASHINGTON : GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE : 1921




  Transcriber’s Notes


  Inconsistent spelling, hyphenation and formatting have been retained,
  except as mentioned below.

  Article Fruits and Vegetables, section Onions, ... in Pittsburgh,
  clos- $3.75 to $4: as printed in the source document; some text is
  obviously missing.

  Article Grain and Seeds, section FLOUR EXPORTS FROM CANADA, The
  premium over the December strengthened: as printed in the source
  document; some text is missing.

  The wide tables are viewed best in a wide browser window.

  Changes made:

  Articles that were printed in multiple parts throughout the source
  document have been re-combined. References to the other parts of those
  articles (Continued page ...; Concluded from ..., etc.) have been
  deleted, as have been the headlines above the continuations of the
  articles. As a consequence, the magazine’s pagination and the order of
  articles are at places different from those in the source document.

  Several tables and charts have been moved outside text paragraphs.

  Some obvious minor typographical and punctuation errors haver been
  corrected silently.

  Page number have been removed; references to pages have been replaced
  by links to the relevant sections or elements.

  Table LIVE STOCK PRICES, TUESDAY, OCT. 4: the indentation of the first
  column has been standardised.

  In some tables thousand separators have been inserted.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of The Market Reporter, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE MARKET REPORTER ***

***** This file should be named 58445-0.txt or 58445-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/8/4/4/58445/

Produced by The Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
generously made available by The Internet Archive)


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

